It was the first game - ending homer of Zimmerman 's career . Jon Rauch ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Jon Rauch ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win , and Jon Rauch ( 1 - 0 ) got the win . Ryan Zimmerman hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
Ryan Zimmerman hit a solo homer in the ninth off Peter Moylan ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his major league debut . Jon Rauch ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Jon Rauch ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for his first major league win , and Jon Rauch ( 1 - 0 ) got the win . Ryan Zimmerman hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
He struck out two and walked one . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out four and walked two . Jason Isringhausen pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked three . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out four and walked three . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Ryan Freel and a two - out RBI single by Ryan Freel in the second	True
He struck out four and walked two . Jason Isringhausen pitched a perfect ninth	True
He also had a career - high five hits and scored three times . Russell Martin hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the second inning , and James Loney added a three - run triple in the eighth	True
He walked two and struck out two . The Marlins scored three unearned runs in the fifth	True
The Marlins scored three unearned runs in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . Furcal led off with a single , stole second	False
The Marlins scored three unearned runs in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . Furcal led off with a single , stole second , took third	False
Furcal led off with a single , stole second , took third on a wild pitch and came home on a single by Jeff Kent . The Dodgers added three unearned runs in the eighth	True
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- Jhonny Peralta 's first home run of the season came on a 3 - 1 pitch from Andy Pettitte in the fifth inning that gave the Cleveland Indians a 6 - 4 win over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . Peralta hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.45 ERA in his last five starts . Giambi 's second homer , a two - run shot in the fourth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.45 ERA in his last five starts . Giambi 's second homer , a two - run shot in the fourth , gave the Yankees a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
It was his first multihomer game of the season and first since July 8 , 2007 , against the New York Yankees . Hideki Matsui hit a solo homer in the second	True
It was his first multihomer game of the season and first since July 8 , 2007 , against the New York Yankees . Hideki Matsui hit a solo homer in the second for New York , and Hideki Matsui hit a solo shot in the sixth	True
Lance Berkman hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , and Jack Cassel ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in five innings . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Berkman 's two - run homer , his first	False
Bay hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the fifth inning , and the Pirates rallied for a 7 - 4 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Bay hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the fifth inning to tie the game at 4 - 4 , and the Pirates tied it in the fifth	True
Xavier Nady added a sacrifice fly and Xavier Nady added a sacrifice fly . Damaso Marte ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Matt Capps pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Cardinals have lost five of six . Damaso Marte ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Matt Capps pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Cardinals scored three times in the first	True
Rickie Weeks hit a bases - loaded triple in the bottom of the 12th inning , and the Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run triple in the sixth inning , and Rickie Weeks had a three - run triple in the sixth	True
Rickie Weeks hit a three - run triple in the sixth inning , and Rickie Weeks had a three - run triple in the sixth to give Milwaukee a 7 - 3 lead . Seth McClung ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th	True
Seth McClung ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th to earn the win . Isringhausen ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up four runs on four hits and a walk in one - third	True
Isringhausen ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up four runs on four hits and a walk in one - third of an inning . Seth McClung ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th	True
Seth McClung ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th to earn the win . Isringhausen ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up four runs and four hits in one - third	True
Isringhausen ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up four runs and four hits in one - third of an inning . Seth McClung ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th	True
He gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings in his first start of the season . The Cardinals scored four times in the seventh	True
He gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings in his first start of the season . The Cardinals scored four times in the seventh to cut the lead to 8 - 7 , but Gagne gave up an RBI single to Aaron Miles and a run - scoring double to Aaron Miles in the ninth	True
Milwaukee starter Manny Parra gave up three runs and nine hits in five innings . He was replaced by Salomon Torres , who gave up an RBI single to Pujols in the ninth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.77 ERA in three starts against the Twins this season . Rafael Perez pitched the ninth	True
Lee ( 3 - 0 ) struck out eight and walked one . Rafael Perez pitched the ninth	True
Mendoza ( 0 - 2 ) gave up seven runs , five hits and three walks in three - plus innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Red Sox jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the third	True
The Red Sox jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the third when Ian Kinsler led off with a single and scored on Josh Hamilton 's sacrifice fly . Blalock 's two - run homer cut it to 9 - 3 in the sixth	True
The Red Sox jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the third when Ian Kinsler led off with a single and scored on Josh Hamilton 's sacrifice fly . Blalock 's two - run homer cut it to 9 - 3 in the sixth , but the Rangers made it 9 - 3 in the eighth	False
The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Sexson hit a solo homer in the second inning , a solo shot in the second	True
The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . Sexson hit a solo homer in the second inning , a solo shot in the second , and added a solo shot in the second	True
Sexson hit a solo homer in the second inning , a solo shot in the second , and added a solo shot in the second . He hit a solo shot in the second inning , a solo shot in the second	True
Sexson hit a solo homer in the second inning , a solo shot in the second , and added a solo shot in the second . He hit a solo shot in the second inning , a solo shot in the second , and added a solo shot in the second	False
He walked none and struck out 10 . Billy Wagner pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out four and walked three . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Angel Pagan 's two - out RBI double . The Mets made it 2 - 0 in the third	True
The Mets made it 2 - 0 in the third . Jose Reyes drew a leadoff walk , stole second	False
The Mets made it 2 - 0 in the third . Jose Reyes drew a leadoff walk , stole second , advanced to third	False
Jose Reyes drew a leadoff walk , stole second , advanced to third on a wild pitch and scored on Angel Pagan 's triple to left - center . The Mets made it 2 - 0 in the third	True
He walked two and struck out three . Conor Jackson hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He walked five and struck out four . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Justin Morneau 's two - out RBI single . The Royals tied it in the bottom of the first	True
The Royals tied it in the bottom of the first on Miguel Olivo 's RBI single . Gordon led off the fourth	True
Gordon led off the inning with a double and scored on Tony Pena 's sacrifice fly . The Royals tied it in the bottom of the first	True
The right - hander walked a career - high eight in his first start of the season . The right - hander walked the first two hitters in the third	True
The right - hander walked the first two hitters in the third , then gave up a single to Mike Sweeney and a walk to Travis Buck before Daric Barton 's two - run single . Daric Barton drew a bases - loaded walk with the bases loaded in the fourth	True
Daric Barton drew a bases - loaded walk with the bases loaded in the fourth to make it 3 - 1 . Crosby 's three - run homer off Rafael Perez made it 7 - 2 in the seventh	True
He walked a career - high eight in his first career start against the A 's . The right - hander walked the first two hitters in the third	True
Daric Barton drew a bases - loaded walk to make it 2 - 0 . Carmona walked Jack Cust and Travis Buck to open the fourth	True
Hernandez ( 3 - 0 ) allowed seven hits , walked one and struck out three . Jesse Crain pitched two scoreless innings , and Joe Nathan worked the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out six . The Royals scored four runs in the second	True
Kubel hit a grand slam and drove in a career - high six runs , leading the Twins to a 12 - 5 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Kubel 's grand slam in the sixth inning gave Minnesota an 11 - 3 lead , but the White Sox could n't hold a 12 - 3 lead in the sixth	True
Kubel 's grand slam in the sixth inning gave Minnesota an 11 - 3 lead , but the White Sox could n't hold a 12 - 3 lead in the sixth . Joe Crede led off the bottom of the fifth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.00 ERA in his last four starts against the Angels . Vladimir Guerrero hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Uggla hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning , and the Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Uggla hit a three - run homer off Tim Redding ( 1 - 1 ) in the third inning and a three - run shot off Chris Schroder in the ninth	True
Kevin Gregg got four outs for his first save . The Nationals , who have lost six of seven , scored a run in the first inning and a two - run homer by Uggla in the third	True
The Nationals , who have lost four of five , scored a run in the first inning on a passed ball by Cristian Guzman . The Nationals tied it in the bottom of the first	True
The Nationals took a 3 - 2 lead in the bottom of the inning . Ronnie Belliard led off with a single , stole second	False
Raul Ibanez homered and drove in two runs for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Dennis Sarfate ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win and George Sherrill worked the ninth	True
Dennis Sarfate ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win and George Sherrill worked the ninth for his fourth save . Dennis Sarfate ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win and George Sherrill worked the ninth	False
Baker ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs and seven hits with two strikeouts and no walks in 6 2/3 innings . Joe Nathan pitched the ninth	True
He struck out two and walked one . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Jose Guillen and a run - scoring single by John Buck . The Royals took a 3 - 1 lead in the second	True
He struck out two and walked one . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Jose Guillen and a run - scoring single by Billy Butler . The Royals took a 3 - 1 lead in the second	True
Garland ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run and six hits with a walk and a strikeout in eight innings . Darren O'Day worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the eighth	True
Garland ( 1 - 0 ) gave up one run and six hits with a walk and a strikeout in eight innings . Darren O'Day worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the eighth and Darren O'Day worked the ninth	True
The Mets have won five of six overall and five of six . Duaner Sanchez ( 1 - 0 ) earned the win despite allowing Mike Rabelo 's solo homer in the top of the ninth	True
Duaner Sanchez ( 1 - 0 ) earned the win despite allowing Mike Rabelo 's solo homer in the top of the ninth . Scott Schoeneweis pitched a perfect eighth	True
Scott Schoeneweis pitched a perfect eighth , and Scott Schoeneweis and Billy Wagner each pitched a scoreless inning . Duaner Sanchez ( 1 - 0 ) earned the win despite allowing Mike Rabelo 's homer in the top of the ninth	True
He struck out seven without a walk . Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth	True
He struck out seven without a walk . Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth	True
Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances . Jhonny Peralta hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
He struck out seven without a walk . Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Indians scored twice in the first	True
The Indians scored twice in the first . Jamey Carroll led off with a single , moved to third	False
Kevin Millar hit two of Baltimore 's four home runs , including a game - winning single in the 11th inning , and the Orioles beat the Yankees 10 - 9 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Melvin Mora and Ramon Hernandez also homered for the Orioles , who trailed 8 - 4 before rallying in the bottom of the fifth	True
Melvin Mora and Ramon Hernandez also homered for the Orioles , who trailed 8 - 4 before rallying in the bottom of the fifth . Mora hit a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Melvin Mora and Ramon Hernandez also homered for the Orioles , who trailed 8 - 4 before rallying in the bottom of the fifth . Mora hit a two - run shot in the fifth , and Mora hit a solo shot in the fifth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Millar , who had three hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning . Baltimore 's Bobby Abreu hit a three - run homer in the second inning and a two - run drive in the fourth	True
The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his previous three starts , but the right - hander did n't get much help from his defense . Baltimore went up 9 - 8 in the 11th	True
Baltimore went up 9 - 8 in the 11th when Bobby Abreu hit a two - run drive and Hideki Matsui singled in a run . The Yankees took a 9 - 8 lead in the top of the 11th	False
He is 0 - 4 with a 9.00 ERA in his last four starts . Reyes hit his second homer of the game , a solo shot in the first inning and a solo shot in the bottom of the first	True
Reyes hit his second homer of the game , a solo shot in the first inning and a solo shot in the bottom of the first . He also hit a solo shot in the bottom of the first	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four career starts against the Orioles . Troy Percival worked a perfect ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Pena 's sacrifice fly in the eighth made it 2 - 0 . Troy Percival pitched the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out six . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth	True
Volquez ( 7 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits with four walks and five strikeouts in six innings . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth	True
He walked Casey Blake to load the bases with one out , but Cordero got Victor Martinez to ground into a game - ending double play . Michael Aubrey hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
He struck out two and walked one . Michael Aubrey hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
He struck out five and walked four . The Tigers had runners on first	False
He struck out five and walked four . The Tigers had runners on first and second	False
He struck out five and walked four . The Tigers had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth	True
The Tigers had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth , but Johnson struck out Ryan Raburn and Ryan Raburn to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first	False
The Tigers had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth , but Johnson struck out Ryan Raburn and Ryan Raburn to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second	False
The Tigers had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth , but Johnson struck out Ryan Raburn and Ryan Raburn to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Johnson struck out Ryan Raburn and Ryan Raburn to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Johnson struck out Ryan Raburn and Ryan Raburn to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Johnson struck out Ryan Raburn and Ryan Raburn to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Johnson struck out Ryan Raburn and Ryan Raburn to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Johnson struck out Ryan Raburn and Ryan Raburn to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Johnson struck out Ryan Raburn and Ryan Raburn to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Johnson struck out Ryan Raburn and Ryan Raburn to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Johnson struck out Ryan Raburn and Ryan Raburn to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Johnson struck out Ryan Raburn and Ryan Raburn to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	False
He walked two and struck out two . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The A 's tied it in the bottom half on Escobar 's two - out , two - run single . The A 's tied it in the bottom of the first	True
He walked five and struck out three . The Braves scored three runs in the ninth	True
Yunel Escobar drove in a run with a fielder 's choice , and Yunel Escobar drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Yunel Escobar drove in Atlanta 's first run with a fielder 's choice in the bottom of the ninth	True
Yunel Escobar drove in Atlanta 's first run with a fielder 's choice in the bottom of the ninth . The Braves scored three runs in the ninth	True
Craig Hansen ( 1 - 2 ) got the win . Mike Timlin pitched a perfect ninth	True
Craig Hansen ( 1 - 2 ) got the win . Mike Timlin pitched the ninth	True
Craig Counsell had a two - run single for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Rickie Weeks had a two - run single in the sixth	True
Rickie Weeks had a two - run single in the sixth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Rickie Weeks had a two - run single in the sixth	False
Rickie Weeks had a two - run single in the sixth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Rickie Weeks had a two - run single in the sixth	False
He struck out eight and walked one . Brandon Medders got the final out in the eighth	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Brandon Medders got the final out in the eighth , and Brandon Lyon pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Brandon Medders got the final out in the eighth	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Brandon Medders got the final out in the eighth , and Brandon Lyon pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out six and walked four . The Rockies scored three runs in the eighth	True
Snyder followed with a two - run triple to make it 8 - 3 . Brandon Lyon pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Brandon Lyon pitched a scoreless ninth for his 12th save in 14 tries . The Rockies scored three runs in the eighth	True
Upton followed with a two - run triple to make it 8 - 3 . Brandon Lyon pitched the ninth	True
He walked five and struck out none . The Phillies jumped on Chuck James ( 2 - 3 ) for five runs in the third	True
Pat Burrell led off with a double and scored on Feliz 's two - out single to make it 3 - 0 . Victorino hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Victorino hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 5 - 0 . The Phillies jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the second	True
Pat Burrell led off with a double and scored on a single by Feliz . Feliz hit an RBI single in the third	True
Feliz hit an RBI single in the third to make it 3 - 0 . The Phillies jumped ahead 3 - 0 in the third	True
Magglio Ordonez had an RBI single and Joyce hit a sacrifice fly for a run . Joyce hit a sacrifice fly in the second	True
Magglio Ordonez had an RBI single and Joyce hit a sacrifice fly for a run . Joyce hit a sacrifice fly in the second , and Joyce hit a sacrifice fly in the second	True
Joyce hit a sacrifice fly in the second , and Joyce hit a sacrifice fly in the second . Joyce hit a sacrifice fly in the second	True
Joyce hit a sacrifice fly in the second , and Joyce hit a sacrifice fly in the second . Joyce hit a sacrifice fly in the second , and Joyce hit a sacrifice fly in the second	False
He struck out eight and walked two . The Padres scored three runs in the fifth	True
He struck out eight , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . The Padres took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Padres took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on Soto 's two - out , two - run single and a two - run single by Tadahito Iguchi . The Cubs cut the lead to 4 - 3 in the fifth	True
He struck out eight without a walk . Scott Downs pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth	True
He struck out six and walked two . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 0 on Bobby Abreu 's RBI double in the fifth	True
Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 0 on Bobby Abreu 's RBI double in the fifth . The Rays had runners on first	False
Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 0 on Bobby Abreu 's RBI double in the fifth . The Rays had runners on first and second	False
Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 0 on Bobby Abreu 's RBI double in the fifth . The Rays had runners on first and second with one out in the fourth	True
He walked five and struck out two . The Cubs scored five runs in the fifth	True
Reed Johnson followed with a run - scoring single and Geovany Soto added a two - run single . The Cubs added five runs in the sixth	True
He walked five and struck out two . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Adam LaRoche hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning , Zach Duke pitched six shutout innings and the Pirates beat the Braves 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Freddy Sanchez hit a three - run double in the fifth inning and Adam LaRoche added a two - run homer in the eighth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in four starts against the Braves this season . Damaso Marte worked the seventh	True
Barton hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , and the Oakland Athletics beat the Texas Rangers 12 - 6 on Tuesday night . Brown hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the ninth	True
Brown hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the ninth off Eddie Guardado that made it 12 - 6 . Santiago Casilla ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win , and Huston Street worked the ninth	True
Santiago Casilla ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth	True
Santiago Casilla ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Huston Street pitched the ninth	True
He walked five and struck out one . The Rangers took a 5 - 4 lead in the fourth	True
Steve Trachsel ( 2 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 1 - 3 innings for the Orioles , who have won four of five . George Sherrill pitched the ninth	True
Steve Trachsel ( 2 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Orioles . George Sherrill pitched the ninth	True
George Sherrill pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 14 opportunities . Alex Gordon hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Steve Trachsel ( 2 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 1 - 3 innings for the Orioles , who have won four of five . George Sherrill pitched the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out two . The Royals scored in the seventh	True
He walked two and struck out two . The Royals scored in the seventh on John Buck 's RBI single , and John Buck 's RBI single off Jamie Walker in the seventh	False
The Royals scored in the seventh on John Buck 's RBI single , and John Buck 's RBI single off Jamie Walker in the seventh to make it 7 - 4 . Johnson gave up a run - scoring single to John Buck in the eighth	False
The right - hander was coming off a three - hit shutout of Tampa Bay in his previous start , when he pitched a no - hitter for the New York Yankees in a 3 - 0 win . Garland , who had been 0 - 3 with a no - decision in his previous four starts , retired the first 10 batters before Brandon Wood 's one - out single in the fifth	True
Garland , who had been 0 - 3 with a no - decision in his previous four starts , retired the first 10 batters before Brandon Wood 's one - out single in the fifth . Shields , who struck out eight , did n't allow a baserunner until Brandon Wood 's one - out single in the fourth	True
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- Vicente Padilla did n't allow a hit until Ichiro Suzuki 's two - out single in the seventh inning , and the Texas Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Padilla ( 5 - 2 ) allowed two hits and struck out eight in seven innings , and C. J. Wilson worked the ninth	True
Anderson hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs , Anderson had a career - high five RBIs and the Angels beat the Royals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Anderson hit a three - run homer off Brian Bannister ( 3 - 4 ) in the fourth inning and added a run - scoring single in the seventh	True
Darren Oliver ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Darren Oliver ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Darren Oliver ( 2 - 1 ) picked up the win with 1 2/3 hitless innings of relief . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth	True
He walked five and struck out three . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Alex Gordon 's RBI double and a run - scoring double by Alex Gordon . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
Taylor Buchholz got the final four outs for his first save of the season . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
He walked three and struck out two . The Diamondbacks jumped on Owings for three runs in the first	True
Reyes led off with a double and scored on Church 's sacrifice fly . Reyes led off with a single , stole second	False
Reyes led off with a single , stole second and scored on Church 's sacrifice fly . Carlos Beltran walked , stole second	False
Carlos Beltran walked , stole second and scored on Carlos Delgado 's single to make it 4 - 0 . The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 0 in the second	True
Carlos Beltran walked , stole second and scored on Carlos Delgado 's single to make it 4 - 0 . The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 0 in the second when Reyes singled , stole second	False
Joe Beimel ( 3 - 0 ) retired the only batter he faced to earn the win . Takashi Saito pitched a perfect ninth	True
Joe Beimel ( 3 - 0 ) retired the only batter he faced to earn the win . Takashi Saito pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.41 ERA in four starts against the Yankees this season . C. J. Wilson worked a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 4.88 ERA in four starts against the Angels this season . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Mike Napoli . The Dodgers loaded the bases with one out in the fourth	True
Bay homered with two outs in the 13th inning to lift the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 4 - 3 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Wednesday night . Bay hit a 2 - 2 pitch from Jason Hammel ( 3 - 3 ) over the wall in right - center to give the Pirates a 4 - 3 lead in the 13th	True
John Van Slyke ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect inning to earn the win . Jason Hammel ( 3 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up a home run to Jason Bay in the 13th	True
John Van Slyke ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect inning to earn the win . Jason Hammel ( 3 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up a home run to Jason Bay in the 13th	True
He walked three and struck out four . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Eric Hinske doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Evan Longoria . The Rays tied it in the second	True
Longoria hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs , leading the Rays to a 10 - 5 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Longoria had four hits , including a three - run homer in the first inning off Jimmy Barthmaier ( 0 - 1 ) , and Carl Crawford had three hits , including a solo homer in the sixth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Lowell singled , stole second	False
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Lowell singled , stole second and scored on Moss ' groundout . The Red Sox made it 2 - 0 in the sixth	True
Wright hit two home runs and drove in three runs , John Maine pitched six effective innings and the Mets beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second inning and a three - run shot in the third	True
Wright hit two home runs and drove in three runs , John Maine pitched six effective innings and the Mets beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 2 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second inning and a three - run shot in the third , and Wright hit a two - run shot in the third	True
Wright hit a two - run shot in the second inning and a three - run shot in the third , and Wright hit a two - run shot in the third to make it 8 - 0 . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second	True
Wright hit a two - run shot in the second inning and a three - run shot in the third , and Wright hit a two - run shot in the third to make it 8 - 0 . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second and a three - run shot in the third	False
Wright hit a two - run shot in the second inning and a three - run shot in the third , and Wright hit a two - run shot in the third to make it 8 - 0 . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second and a three - run shot in the third , and Wright hit a two - run shot in the third	False
Wright hit a two - run shot in the second and a three - run shot in the third , and Wright hit a two - run shot in the third to make it 8 - 0 . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second	True
Wright hit a two - run shot in the second and a three - run shot in the third , and Wright hit a two - run shot in the third to make it 8 - 0 . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second and a three - run shot in the third	False
Wright hit a two - run shot in the second and a three - run shot in the third to make it 8 - 0 . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second	True
Wright hit a two - run shot in the second and a three - run shot in the third to make it 8 - 0 . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second and a three - run shot in the third	False
Wright hit a two - run shot in the second and a three - run shot in the third to make it 8 - 0 . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second	True
Wright hit a two - run shot in the second and a three - run shot in the third to make it 8 - 0 . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second and a three - run shot in the third	False
Wright hit a two - run shot in the second and a three - run shot in the third to make it 8 - 0 . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second	True
Wright hit a two - run shot in the second and a three - run shot in the third to make it 8 - 0 . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second and a three - run shot in the third	False
Berkman hit a two - run homer off Joaquin Benoit in the eighth inning to give the Astros a 4 - 1 lead . It was Berkman 's fourth homer of the season , a two - run shot off Joaquin Benoit that made it 4 - 1 in the eighth	True
He walked three and struck out one . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Michael Young 's RBI single . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
He struck out seven and walked two . Evan Longoria hit a two - run homer in the second	True
He struck out seven and walked two . Evan Longoria hit a two - run homer in the second	True
He struck out seven and walked two . Longoria hit a two - run homer in the second	True
He struck out seven and walked two . Longoria hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Aramis Ramirez hit a three - run homer , Jason Marquis pitched seven strong innings and the Cubs beat the Chicago White Sox 11 - 7 on Tuesday night . Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and a three - run shot in the fourth	True
Marquis ( 6 - 3 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in seven innings . He had two hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth	True
SAN DIEGO ( AP ) -- Chase Headley 's first home run of the season came on a 1 - 1 pitch from Fernando Rodney with one out in the seventh inning , and the San Diego Padres rallied for a 6 - 2 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Headley hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot off Heath Bell ( 5 - 3 ) in the top of the eighth	True
It was Headley 's first homer since July 28 , a span of 74 at - bats . Headley hit his first homer of the season in the seventh	True
Headley hit his first homer of the season in the seventh , a solo shot off Heath Bell ( 5 - 3 ) . Heath Bell ( 5 - 3 ) got the win despite allowing Curtis Granderson 's homer in the top of the eighth	True
Cla Meredith , Cla Meredith and Heath Bell ( 5 - 3 ) each pitched one inning for the win . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Granderson led off the game with his first home run of the season . The Tigers tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
Granderson led off the game with his first home run of the season . The Tigers tied it at 1 in the fourth when Edgar Gonzalez singled , stole second	False
The Tigers tied it at 1 in the fourth when Edgar Gonzalez singled , stole second , advanced on a sacrifice and scored on Adrian Gonzalez 's single to center . Gonzalez 's RBI single off Joel Zumaya made it 6 - 2 in the eighth	True
Salomon Torres got the final out for his 10th save in 11 chances . Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer off Tim Dillard in the ninth	True
Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer off Tim Dillard in the ninth to cut the lead to 8 - 7 , but Salomon Torres got the final out for his 10th save in 11 chances . Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer off Tim Dillard in the ninth	False
Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer off Tim Dillard in the ninth to cut the lead to 8 - 7 , but Salomon Torres got the final out for his 10th save in 11 chances . Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer off Tim Dillard in the ninth	False
Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer off Tim Dillard in the ninth to cut the lead to 8 - 7 , but Salomon Torres got the final out for his 10th save in 11 chances . Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer off Tim Dillard in the ninth	False
Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer off Tim Dillard in the ninth to cut the lead to 8 - 7 , but Salomon Torres got the final out for his 10th save in 11 chances . Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer off Tim Dillard in the ninth	False
Jason Kendall had an RBI double and scored on Corey Hart 's double to give the Brewers a 2 - 0 lead . Milwaukee added three more in the third	True
Jason Kendall had an RBI double and scored on Jason Kendall 's double to give Milwaukee a 3 - 0 lead . The Brewers added two more runs in the fifth	True
Upton hit a tiebreaking home run in the eighth inning , lifting the Diamondbacks to a 2 - 1 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Justin Upton led off the eighth	True
Justin Upton led off the eighth with a home run off Keith Foulke ( 0 - 2 ) . Ramon Pena ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning and Brandon Lyon worked a perfect ninth	True
The A 's have lost four of five . Ramon Pena ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
The A 's have lost four of five . Ramon Pena ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth , and Brandon Lyon worked a perfect ninth	False
The A 's have lost four of five . Ramon Pena ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
The A 's have lost four of five . Ramon Pena ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth , and Brandon Lyon worked a perfect ninth	False
He struck out eight and walked two . Brandon Lyon pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked two . Brandon Lyon pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out two and did n't walk a batter . Brian Fuentes pitched the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out one . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He walked three and struck out one . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Baker led off with a single , stole second	False
The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Baker led off with a single , stole second and scored on Quintanilla 's double . Baker led off the fourth	True
Baker led off the fourth with a double and scored on Ryan Spilborghs ' double to give the Rockies a 3 - 1 lead . Baker led off the fourth	True
Baker led off the fourth with his fifth homer of the season to make it 2 - 0 . Baker added a run - scoring single in the sixth	True
Baker added a run - scoring single in the sixth to make it 3 - 1 . Baker added a run - scoring single in the sixth	True
Grant Balfour ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Troy Percival worked the ninth	True
Grant Balfour ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Troy Percival worked the ninth	True
Grant Balfour ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Troy Percival worked the ninth	True
Troy Percival worked the ninth for his 16th save in 18 opportunities . Evan Longoria put the Rays ahead 1 - 0 with a solo homer in the second	True
Evan Longoria put the Rays ahead 1 - 0 with a solo homer in the second . The Rays tied it at 1 on Ryan Theriot 's two - out RBI single in the fifth	True
The Rays tied it at 1 on Ryan Theriot 's two - out RBI single in the fifth . The Cubs tied it at 1 on Ryan Theriot 's two - out RBI single in the fifth	False
The Cubs tied it at 1 on Ryan Theriot 's two - out RBI single in the fifth . The Cubs tied it at 1 on Ryan Theriot 's two - out RBI single in the fifth	False
The Cubs tied it at 1 on Ryan Theriot 's two - out RBI single in the fifth . The Cubs tied it at 1 on Ryan Theriot 's two - out RBI single in the fifth	False
The Cubs tied it at 1 on Ryan Theriot 's two - out RBI single in the fifth . The Cubs tied it at 1 on Ryan Theriot 's two - out RBI single in the fifth	False
The Cubs tied it at 1 on Ryan Theriot 's two - out RBI single in the fifth . The Cubs tied it at 1 on Ryan Theriot 's RBI single in the fifth	True
He struck out three and walked two . Brian McCann hit a three - run homer in the eighth	True
He struck out three , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Marlon Byrd homered in the first	True
He struck out three , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Marlon Byrd homered in the first , and Michael Young had a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Marlon Byrd homered in the first , and Michael Young had a sacrifice fly in the third to make it 5 - 0 . Omar Infante hit a solo homer in the sixth	False
Cameron hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the sixth inning and the Brewers beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cameron hit a two - run homer off Scott Baker ( 2 - 2 ) to give Milwaukee a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth	True
Cameron hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the sixth inning and the Brewers beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cameron hit a two - run homer off Scott Baker ( 2 - 2 ) to give Milwaukee a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth , and Cameron added a two - run homer in the sixth	True
He struck out nine and walked two . Jason Kubel hit a solo homer and Alexi Casilla had a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
He struck out nine and walked two . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Russell Branyan . Milwaukee tied it in the fifth	True
Milwaukee tied it in the fifth on Alexi Casilla 's sacrifice fly , but the Twins tied it in the bottom half on Alexi Casilla 's sacrifice fly . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
Brendan Harris led off with a double and scored on Alexi Casilla 's sacrifice fly . Kubel tied it at 1 with a solo homer in the fifth	True
Jason Bay hit a go - ahead single in the 10th inning and the Pirates rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Jason Bay had two hits and scored three runs for the Pirates , who trailed 4 - 0 before rallying in the ninth	True
Aviles had four hits , including a three - run homer , and Mike Aviles had four hits , including a home run , and drove in two runs . Aviles had four hits , including a three - run homer off Billy Buckner in the fifth	True
He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Jose Guillen had a run - scoring single in the first	True
He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Jose Guillen had a run - scoring single in the first and a run - scoring groundout in the third	True
Skip Schumaker and Skip Schumaker also homered for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Howard had three hits , including a three - run homer in the sixth	True
Skip Schumaker and Skip Schumaker also homered for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Howard had three hits , including a three - run homer in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth	True
Skip Schumaker had three hits , including a solo homer , and Skip Schumaker had three hits for St. Louis . Skip Schumaker had three hits for the Cardinals , including a solo homer in the third	True
Skip Schumaker had three hits for the Cardinals , including a solo homer in the third . Skip Schumaker had three hits for St. Louis , including a solo homer in the third	True
Skip Schumaker had three hits for St. Louis , including a solo homer in the third . Skip Schumaker had three hits for St. Louis , including a solo homer in the third	True
Skip Schumaker had three hits for St. Louis , including a solo homer in the third . Skip Schumaker had three hits for St. Louis , including a solo homer in the third	True
Skip Schumaker had three hits for St. Louis , including a solo homer in the third . Skip Schumaker had three hits for St. Louis , including a solo homer in the third	True
He walked four and struck out seven . Scott Downs worked the sixth	True
He walked four and struck out seven . Scott Downs worked the sixth , Brian Wolfe worked the eighth	False
He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth	True
He struck out nine and walked three . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Dunn 's leadoff homer . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth	True
The Red Sox tied it in the fourth on Jacoby Ellsbury 's two - out single and a two - out single by Jacoby Ellsbury . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth	False
The Red Sox tied it in the fourth when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a double and scored on Manny Ramirez 's two - out single . The Red Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Wolf ( 5 - 4 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , struck out nine and walked one . Trevor Hoffman pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Matt Capps pitched the ninth	True
Scott Proctor ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for the win . Jonathan Broxton struck out the side in the eighth	True
Scott Proctor ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for the win . Jonathan Broxton struck out the side in the eighth , and Jonathan Broxton struck out the side in the eighth	True
Scott Proctor ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for the win . Jonathan Broxton struck out the side in the eighth	True
Scott Proctor ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for the win . Jonathan Broxton struck out the side in the eighth , and Jonathan Broxton struck out the side in the eighth	True
Scott Proctor ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for the win . Jonathan Broxton struck out the side in the eighth	True
Scott Proctor ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for the win . Jonathan Broxton struck out the side in the eighth and Jonathan Broxton struck out the side in the eighth	False
Scott Proctor ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for the win . Jonathan Broxton struck out the side in the eighth	True
Scott Proctor ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for the win . Jonathan Broxton struck out the side in the eighth , and Jonathan Broxton struck out the side in the eighth	True
Jonathan Broxton struck out the side in the eighth , and Jonathan Broxton struck out the side in the eighth . Broxton struck out the side in the eighth	True
Scott Proctor ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for his first major league win . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
Edgar Gonzalez hit a leadoff double and scored on Adrian Gonzalez 's one - out single to center . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
Renteria hit a grand slam off Rafael Betancourt in the eighth inning , and the Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Renteria hit a grand slam off Rafael Betancourt in the eighth	True
Todd Jones got the final out for his ninth save in 10 chances . Masa Kobayashi ( 3 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and two hits in one - third	True
He struck out three and walked two . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Olson ( 5 - 1 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings , striking out one and walking one . George Sherrill pitched the ninth	True
Garrett Olson ( 5 - 1 ) gave up two runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Orioles . George Sherrill pitched the ninth	True
Olson ( 5 - 1 ) gave up eight hits and two runs with one walk and one strikeout in 6 1/3 innings . George Sherrill pitched the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out one . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Carlos Ruiz led off with a double and scored on Shane Victorino 's two - out single to center . Jenkins connected off Bailey in the sixth	True
Jenkins connected off Bailey in the sixth to make it 4 - 0 . Jenkins went deep in the sixth	True
Jenkins went deep in the sixth to make it 4 - 0 . Jenkins connected off Bailey in the sixth	True
Jenkins connected off Bailey in the sixth to make it 4 - 0 . Jenkins connected off Bailey in the sixth	False
Jenkins connected off Bailey in the sixth to make it 4 - 0 . Jenkins went deep in the sixth	True
Jenkins went deep in the sixth to make it 4 - 0 . Jenkins connected off Bailey in the sixth	True
Jenkins connected off Bailey in the sixth to make it 4 - 0 . Jenkins connected off Bailey in the sixth	False
He walked two and struck out two . Matt Capps pitched the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out three . Mastny gave up a run in the eighth	True
He walked three and struck out three . Mastny gave up a run in the eighth , then gave up a one - out homer to Shin-Soo Choo in the ninth	False
Frank Francisco ( 1 - 1 ) allowed an unearned run in 1 2/3 innings for his first major league win . Shin-Soo Choo had a pinch - hit , two - run double in the seventh	True
Fielder hit a go - ahead homer in the eighth inning to give the Brewers a 4 - 3 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Fielder had three hits , including a solo homer in the eighth	True
Fielder hit a go - ahead homer in the eighth inning to give the Brewers a 4 - 3 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Fielder had three hits , including a solo homer in the eighth , and Guillermo Mota ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Fielder had three hits , including a solo homer in the eighth , and Guillermo Mota ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Salomon Torres pitched the ninth	True
Milwaukee 's Doug Davis gave up three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in six - plus innings . Guillermo Mota ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Guillermo Mota ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Salomon Torres pitched the ninth	True
Jesse Crain ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Jim Thome hit a two - run homer off Matt Guerrier in the eighth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Brian Wilson pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . The Giants scored three runs in the fifth	True
The Giants scored three runs in the fifth to take a 7 - 0 lead . Omar Vizquel led off with a single , stole second	False
The Giants scored three runs in the fifth to take a 7 - 0 lead . Omar Vizquel led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Brian Wilson pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Giants have won five of their last six games . The Giants scored three runs in the fifth	True
But the Giants ' bullpen held the Dodgers to one hit over the final four innings . Brian Wilson pitched a perfect ninth	True
Brian Wilson pitched a perfect ninth for his 28th save in 30 chances . The Dodgers scored three runs in the fifth	True
Rickie Weeks and Bill Hall also homered for the Brewers , who won for just the second time in 10 games . Salomon Torres ( 5 - 2 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the ninth	True
Salomon Torres ( 5 - 2 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the ninth . Salomon Torres ( 5 - 2 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the ninth	False
Salomon Torres ( 5 - 2 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the ninth . Salomon Torres ( 5 - 2 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the ninth	False
Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer off Ryan Franklin ( 3 - 3 ) , who gave up four hits and three runs in 1 1/3 innings . Salomon Torres ( 5 - 2 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last five starts . Troy Glaus had a two - run double in the first	True
Troy Glaus had a two - run double in the first for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Troy Glaus had a two - run double in the first	False
He struck out two and walked one . The Cardinals scored in the first	True
The Cardinals scored in the first on a two - out double by Glaus and a walk to Skip Schumaker . Glaus made it 2 - 0 in the first	True
Kevin Kouzmanoff hit a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Kevin Kouzmanoff hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
He walked three and struck out one . San Diego 's Kevin Kouzmanoff hit a solo homer off Mike Gonzalez in the ninth	True
San Diego 's Kevin Kouzmanoff hit a solo homer off Mike Gonzalez in the ninth . The Braves scored three runs in the first	True
He walked three and struck out one . San Diego 's Kevin Kouzmanoff hit a solo homer off Mike Gonzalez in the ninth	True
Jason Bay homered twice and drove in five runs , and the Pirates held on for a 12 - 11 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Wednesday night . Jason Bay hit a tying , three - run homer in the ninth	True
Jason Bay homered twice and drove in five runs , and the Pirates held on for a 12 - 11 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Wednesday night . Jason Bay hit a tying , three - run homer in the ninth off Jason Isringhausen , and the Pirates rallied from a five - run deficit to take a 10 - 4 lead in the bottom of the ninth	False
Jason Bay hit a tying , three - run homer in the ninth off Jason Isringhausen , and the Pirates rallied from a five - run deficit to take a 10 - 4 lead in the bottom of the ninth . The Cardinals rallied from a 9 - 3 deficit to take a 9 - 3 lead in the ninth	False
Albert Pujols had three hits and drove in a run for St. Louis , which has lost four of five . Denny Bautista ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Yadier Molina went 4 - for - 4 with a walk and an RBI for St. Louis , which has lost four of five . The Cardinals scored three runs in the third	True
He walked two and struck out two . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked four and struck out five . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Placido Polanco 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Placido Polanco 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Placido Polanco 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Placido Polanco 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers tied it in the fourth	False
The Tigers tied it in the fourth when Brian Buscher led off with a double and scored on Delmon Young 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Placido Polanco 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers tied it in the fourth	False
Cabrera homered twice and drove in three runs , Justin Verlander pitched seven strong innings and the Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third inning and a solo shot in the seventh	True
He also hit a two - run homer in the first inning of a 5 - 4 win over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He also hit a two - run homer in the first inning of a 5 - 4 win over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Jhonny Peralta , who had a two - run shot in the first	True
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Jhonny Peralta , who had a two - run shot in the first . Jhonny Peralta hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Jhonny Peralta hit a two - run homer in the first for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Jhonny Peralta hit a two - run homer in the first	False
Jhonny Peralta hit a two - run homer in the first for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Jhonny Peralta hit a two - run homer in the first	False
Jhonny Peralta hit a two - run homer in the first for Cleveland , which has lost four of five . Jhonny Peralta hit a two - run homer in the first	False
He struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Jhonny Peralta . The Indians tied it in the third	True
Beltran hit a two - run homer in the 12th inning to lift the Mets to a 4 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Beltran hit a two - run homer off Chad Durbin ( 2 - 2 ) to give the Mets a 4 - 2 lead in the top of the ninth	True
Beltran 's homer was his first since July 31 , a span of 74 at - bats . Joe Smith ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with 2 1/3 innings of one - hit relief , and Billy Wagner gave up a two - run homer to Jayson Werth in the ninth	True
Joe Smith ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with 2 1/3 innings of one - hit relief , and Billy Wagner gave up a two - run homer to Jayson Werth in the ninth . Joe Smith ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with 2 1/3 innings of one - hit relief , and Billy Wagner gave up Jayson Werth 's two - run homer with two outs in the ninth	False
Joe Smith ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with 2 1/3 innings of one - hit relief , and Billy Wagner gave up Jayson Werth 's two - run homer with two outs in the ninth . Joe Smith ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with 2 1/3 innings of one - hit relief , and Billy Wagner gave up a tying two - run homer to Jayson Werth in the ninth	False
He gave up a two - run homer to Jayson Werth and a two - run shot to Jayson Werth that made it 2 - all . Wagner , who gave up a tying two - run homer to Jayson Werth in the ninth inning of a 6 - 5 loss to the Mets on Wednesday night , gave up a two - run homer to Jayson Werth in the ninth	True
It was Wagner 's first blown save of the season . He gave up a two - run homer to Jayson Werth and a two - run shot to Jayson Werth in the ninth	True
It was Wagner 's first blown save of the season . He gave up a two - run homer to Jayson Werth and a two - run shot to Jayson Werth in the ninth	True
It was Wagner 's first blown save of the season . He gave up a two - run homer to Jayson Werth and a two - run shot to Jayson Werth in the ninth	True
It was Wagner 's first blown save of the season . He gave up a two - run homer to Jayson Werth and a two - run shot to Jayson Werth in the ninth	True
Carlos Pena hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs , Edwin Jackson pitched eight strong innings and the Rays beat the Royals 11 - 2 on Tuesday night . Pena hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Pena hit a three - run homer in the fifth off Brian Bannister ( 7 - 8 ) , who gave up a season - high seven runs and eight hits in five innings . Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the first inning and drove in a run with a sacrifice fly during a three - run third	True
Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the first inning and drove in a run with a sacrifice fly during a three - run third that put the Rays ahead 4 - 0 . Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the first inning and drove in a run with a sacrifice fly during a three - run third that put the Rays ahead 4 - 0 . Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the third and added a three - run homer during a five - run fifth	True
Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the third and added a three - run homer during a five - run fifth that gave the Rays a 7 - 0 lead . Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the first	True
Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the third and added a three - run homer during a five - run fifth that gave the Rays a 7 - 0 lead . Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the first and added a sacrifice fly during a three - run third	True
Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the first and added a sacrifice fly during a three - run third that put the Rays ahead 4 - 0 . Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the first and added a sacrifice fly during a three - run third that put the Rays ahead 4 - 0 . Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the third and added a three - run homer during a five - run fifth	True
Lowell homered and drove in four runs , Josh Beckett pitched six solid innings and the Red Sox beat the New York Yankees 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third inning and a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third inning and a three - run homer in the fifth off Darrell Rasner ( 4 - 7 ) , who gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings . Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third inning and a three - run homer in the fifth off Darrell Rasner ( 4 - 7 ) , who gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings . Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third and a three - run homer in the fifth	False
Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third and a three - run homer in the fifth off Darrell Rasner ( 4 - 7 ) , who gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings . Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third	False
Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third and a three - run homer in the fifth off Darrell Rasner ( 4 - 7 ) , who gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings . Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third and a three - run homer in the fifth	False
Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third and a three - run homer in the fifth off Darrell Rasner ( 4 - 7 ) , who gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings . Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third	False
Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third and a three - run homer in the fifth off Darrell Rasner ( 4 - 7 ) , who gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings . Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third and a three - run homer in the fifth	False
Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third and a three - run homer in the fifth off Darrell Rasner ( 4 - 7 ) . Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third and a three - run homer in the fifth off Darrell Rasner ( 4 - 7 ) . Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third and a three - run homer in the fifth	False
Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third and a three - run homer in the fifth off Darrell Rasner ( 4 - 7 ) . Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third and a three - run homer in the fifth off Darrell Rasner ( 4 - 7 ) . Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the third and a three - run homer in the fifth	False
Pena hit a tiebreaking homer in the sixth inning , Billy Butler added a solo shot and the Kansas City Royals rallied to beat the Baltimore Orioles 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Pena hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a two - run single in the sixth	True
Pena hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a two - run single in the sixth to help the Royals snap a three - game losing streak . The Royals trailed 7 - 3 before scoring three times in the sixth	True
Joel Peralta ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two innings for the win . Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth	True
Joel Peralta ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Omaha . The Royals took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth	True
The Royals took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth on a two - run triple by Adam Jones and a two - run homer by Huff . The Royals took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth	False
CLEVELAND -- Adrian Beltre 's first home run of the season came on a 3 - 1 pitch from Zach Jackson in the fifth inning and gave the Seattle Mariners a 6 - 4 win over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Beltre hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
CLEVELAND -- Adrian Beltre 's first home run of the season came on a 3 - 1 pitch from Zach Jackson in the fifth inning and gave the Seattle Mariners a 6 - 4 win over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Beltre hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a two - run shot in the fifth	True
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for Joel Hanrahan to come out of the bullpen . The right - hander struck out pinch - hitter Brandon Jones with runners on first	False
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for Joel Hanrahan to come out of the bullpen . The right - hander struck out pinch - hitter Brandon Jones with runners on first and second	False
The right - hander struck out pinch - hitter Brandon Jones with runners on first and second to end the game , and the Nationals beat the Atlanta Braves 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hanrahan came on in the ninth	True
Hanrahan came on in the ninth and struck out Martin Prado to end the game . Hanrahan came on in the ninth	True
Hanrahan came on in the ninth and struck out Martin Prado for his seventh save in seven chances . Hanrahan came on in the ninth	True
The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . The Nationals scored three runs in the fifth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Dodgers scored four runs in the fifth	True
Matt Kemp followed with a sacrifice fly , and Matt Kemp followed with a sacrifice fly to give Los Angeles a 2 - 1 lead . The Dodgers scored four runs in the fifth	True
He struck out three and walked one . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out three and walked one . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Aramis Ramirez hit a go - ahead grand slam in the eighth inning , lifting the Cubs to a 6 - 4 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Aramis Ramirez hit a grand slam off Chad Durbin ( 5 - 3 ) to give the Cubs a 6 - 4 lead in the eighth	True
Aramis Ramirez hit a grand slam off Chad Durbin ( 5 - 3 ) to give the Cubs a 6 - 4 lead in the eighth . Bob Howry ( 6 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Aramis Ramirez hit a grand slam off Chad Durbin ( 5 - 3 ) to give the Cubs a 6 - 4 lead in the eighth . Bob Howry ( 6 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth and Kerry Wood worked the ninth	False
Bob Howry ( 6 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Kerry Wood pitched the ninth	True
He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Carlos Ruiz 's RBI single . The Cubs tied it in the fifth	True
The Cubs tied it in the fifth on Mark DeRosa 's RBI triple and a run - scoring triple by Mark DeRosa . The Cubs tied it in the fifth	False
He struck out five and walked two . The Braves had runners on first	False
He struck out five and walked two . The Braves had runners on first and third	False
He struck out five and walked two . The Braves had runners on first and third with one out in the fifth	True
He struck out three and walked three . Randy Ruiz and Randy Ruiz hit back - to - back home runs in the sixth	True
He struck out three and walked three . Randy Ruiz and Randy Ruiz hit back - to - back home runs in the sixth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Rowland-Smith this season . The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Gregg ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five hits , one walk and four runs in one - plus inning . The Braves scored three runs in the bottom of the ninth	True
Gregg ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five hits , one walk and four runs in one - plus inning . The Braves scored three runs in the bottom of the ninth off Gregg ( 6 - 7 ) , who gave up five hits , one walk and four runs in the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out one . The Braves scored three runs in the first	True
The Braves scored three runs in the first off Scott Olsen , who gave up five hits and four runs in 5 1/3 innings . The Braves scored three runs in the first	False
The Braves scored three runs in the first off Scott Olsen , who allowed five hits and four runs in 5 1/3 innings . The Marlins scored three runs in the first	True
Jason Bartlett had three hits for the Rays , who have won four of five . Grant Balfour ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Grant Balfour ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Dan Wheeler pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Grant Balfour ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Grant Balfour ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Dan Wheeler pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The White Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . The White Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
Kyle Farnsworth , Kyle Farnsworth and Kyle Farnsworth each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the three - hitter . Kyle Farnsworth worked the eighth	True
Kyle Farnsworth , Kyle Farnsworth and Kyle Farnsworth each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the three - hitter . Kyle Farnsworth worked the eighth , and Kyle Farnsworth worked the ninth	False
Span hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , Glen Perkins pitched eight innings of five - hit ball and the Twins beat the Los Angeles Angels 9 - 0 on Tuesday night . Young hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
David Ortiz followed with an RBI single , and David Ortiz followed with a run - scoring double . Baltimore closed to 3 - 2 in the third	True
Baltimore closed to 3 - 2 in the third on a run - scoring single by Luke Scott and a run - scoring single by Luke Scott . The Orioles made it 6 - 2 in the fifth	False
The Orioles made it 6 - 2 in the fifth on a run - scoring double by Youkilis and a run - scoring double by Youkilis . Baltimore went up 6 - 2 in the fifth	True
Ellsbury led off with a double and scored on a two - out double by Youkilis . The Orioles added a run in the eighth	True
The right - hander , who had won his previous three starts , gave up three runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings . Jensen Lewis worked the ninth	True
Jeremy Sowers ( 2 - 6 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Indians . Jensen Lewis worked the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Salt Lake on July 29 . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Angels tied it in the bottom half on Gutierrez 's two - out , two - run single . The Indians tied it in the bottom of the first	True
The Indians tied it in the bottom half on Gutierrez 's two - out , two - run single . The Indians tied it in the bottom of the first	True
The Indians tied it in the bottom of the first on Sizemore 's RBI single . The Indians tied it in the bottom of the first	False
Leo Nunez ( 4 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Joakim Soria pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Brian Fuentes struck out the side in the ninth	True
Jorge De La Rosa ( 6 - 6 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking three . Brian Fuentes struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked three . Brian Fuentes struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Emilio Bonifacio led off with a double and scored on a single by Aaron Boone . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
He struck out six and walked three . Carlos Marmol worked a perfect ninth	True
He struck out six and walked three . Carlos Marmol worked a perfect ninth , and Carlos Marmol worked a perfect ninth	False
He struck out two and walked two . The Cardinals scored twice in the sixth	True
Geovany Soto led off with a double and scored on DeRosa 's sacrifice fly . The Cardinals added two more in the sixth	True
The Cardinals added two more in the sixth on a two - run double by Ronny Cedeno and a two - run double by Ronny Cedeno to make it 6 - 0 . The Cardinals added two more in the sixth	False
The Cardinals added two more in the sixth on a two - run double by Ronny Cedeno and a two - run double by Ronny Cedeno to make it 6 - 0 . DeRosa had a sacrifice fly in the second	True
T. J. Beam ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Craig Hansen pitched the 12th	True
T. J. Beam ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Craig Hansen pitched the 12th	True
He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Justin Masterson pitched a scoreless eighth	True
He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Justin Masterson pitched a scoreless eighth , and Jonathan Papelbon worked the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.54 ERA in his past five starts . The Red Sox scored three runs in the fifth	True
The Red Sox scored three runs in the fifth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Billy Butler led off with a single , stole second	False
Billy Butler led off with a single , stole second and scored on Ross Gload 's single . Gload had a two - run single in the fifth	True
He struck out six and walked three . The Nationals took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out three and walked one . The Nationals took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out three and walked one . The Nationals took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Nationals took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Brad Hawpe 's two - out , two - run single . The Rockies took a 5 - 3 lead in the third	True
The Rockies took a 5 - 3 lead in the third on Bonifacio 's RBI triple and a run - scoring single by Bonifacio . The Nationals added another run in the sixth	True
Vladimir Guerrero hit a two - run homer in the third inning and Vladimir Guerrero added a two - run shot for the Angels , who have won four of five . Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two unearned runs in the ninth	True
Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two unearned runs in the ninth to earn his first major league win . Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two unearned runs in the ninth	False
Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two unearned runs in the ninth to earn his first major league win . Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two unearned runs in the ninth	False
Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two unearned runs in the ninth to earn his first major league win . Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two unearned runs in the ninth	False
Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two unearned runs in the ninth to earn his first major league win . Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two unearned runs in the ninth	False
Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two unearned runs in the ninth . He was charged with two runs in the ninth	True
He was charged with two runs in the ninth . Nick Markakis hit a two - run double with two outs in the ninth	True
He was charged with two runs in the ninth . Nick Markakis hit a two - run double with two outs in the ninth off Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 0 ) , who gave up a two - run double to Nick Markakis in the ninth	True
Nick Markakis hit a two - run double with two outs in the ninth off Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 0 ) , who gave up a two - run double to Nick Markakis in the ninth . Nick Markakis ' two - run double off Scot Shields cut the Angels ' lead to 5 - 3 in the top of the ninth	False
He walked five and struck out six . Brian Wilson pitched the ninth	True
( AP ) -- Mike Aviles had four hits and drove in three runs , Zack Greinke pitched into the seventh inning and the Kansas City Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 14 - 3 on Tuesday night . Aviles had four hits , including a two - run double in the second inning , and added a two - run double in the fifth	True
Aviles had four hits , including a two - run double in the second inning , and added a two - run double in the fifth . He had a two - run double in the fifth	True
Aviles had four hits , including a two - run double in the second inning , and added a two - run double in the fifth . He had a two - run double in the fifth , a two - run double in the sixth	True
Aviles had four hits , including a two - run double in the second inning , and added a two - run double in the fifth . He had a two - run double in the fifth , a two - run double in the sixth and a two - run double in the sixth	False
Kyle Davies ( 5 - 2 ) gave up three runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Royals , who won for the sixth time in seven games . Joakim Soria got 1 - 2 - 3 in the ninth	True
He is 0 - 4 in his past five starts . The White Sox scored three runs in the eighth	True
The White Sox scored three runs in the eighth off Ron Mahay , who gave up a solo homer to Brian Anderson and a run - scoring double to Alexei Ramirez . Joakim Soria got 1 - 2 - 3 in the ninth	False
Nick Blackburn ( 8 - 6 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings for the Twins , who have won four of five . Joe Nathan worked the ninth	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Joe Mauer hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Joe Mauer hit a two - run homer in the seventh , and Carlos Gomez had an RBI double in the seventh	True
Joe Mauer hit a two - run homer in the seventh , and Carlos Gomez had an RBI double in the seventh for the Twins . Joe Nathan pitched the ninth	True
The Nationals have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Les Marson hit a two - run double in the fourth	True
Les Marson hit a two - run double in the fourth and scored on Eric Bruntlett 's triple to give the Phillies a 4 - 3 lead . Luke Montz hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Les Walrond ( 1 - 1 ) struck out four in two scoreless innings for his first major league win . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Eric Bruntlett 's run - scoring wild pitch . Taguchi and Montz hit back - to - back doubles in the fourth	True
Taguchi and Montz hit back - to - back doubles in the fourth to give the Nationals a 3 - 1 lead . Montz and Montz hit consecutive doubles in the fourth	True
Montz and Montz hit consecutive doubles in the fourth to give the Nationals a 3 - 1 lead . Montz and Montz hit back - to - back homers in the eighth	True
The Reds have lost five of six . Votto hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
The Reds have lost five of six . Votto hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Votto added a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Votto hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Votto added a two - run shot in the fourth for the Reds , who have lost four in a row . Votto hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Votto hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Votto hit a two - run homer off Kelvin Jimenez in the fourth	True
Votto hit a two - run homer off Kelvin Jimenez in the fourth to make it 11 - 3 . Votto hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Vernon Wells homered twice and drove in five runs , Jesse Litsch pitched seven innings of three - hit ball and the Blue Jays beat the Baltimore Orioles 10 - 1 on Tuesday night . Wells hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the fifth	True
Wells hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the fifth , giving the Blue Jays a 6 - 0 lead . Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth	True
Wells hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the fifth , giving the Blue Jays a 6 - 0 lead . Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth , and the Blue Jays added three more in the eighth	True
Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth , and the Blue Jays added three more in the eighth . Wells hit a three - run homer off Jeremy Guthrie ( 10 - 12 ) to make it 6 - 0 in the fifth	True
Wells hit a three - run homer off Jeremy Guthrie ( 10 - 12 ) to make it 6 - 0 in the fifth . Wells hit a three - run shot off Alfredo Simon in the fifth	True
Wells hit a three - run shot off Alfredo Simon in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 . Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth	True
Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 . Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth	True
Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 . Wells hit a three - run shot off Alfredo Simon in the fifth	True
Wells hit a three - run shot off Alfredo Simon in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 . Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth	True
Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 . Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth	True
Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 . Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth	True
Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 . Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth	True
Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 . Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth	True
Wells hit a three - run shot in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 . The Blue Jays added three runs in the eighth	True
Guerrero hit two home runs , including a two - run shot off J. J. Putz in the ninth inning , and the Angels beat the Seattle Mariners 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Guerrero hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer off J. J. Putz in the ninth inning , giving the Angels a 6 - 4 lead in the top of the ninth	True
Putz ( 6 - 5 ) gave up Guerrero 's second homer of the game , a two - run shot that gave the Angels a 6 - 4 lead . It was Guerrero 's second multihomer game of the season and second	False
Jose Arredondo ( 10 - 2 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for the win . Scot Shields pitched a perfect ninth	True
Scot Shields pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in six chances . Putz ( 6 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in the ninth	True
He walked Gary Matthews Jr. to force in a run and make it 4 - 2 . Jose Arredondo ( 10 - 2 ) got the win despite giving up a two - run homer to Yuniesky Betancourt in the seventh	True
Jose Arredondo ( 10 - 2 ) got the win despite giving up a two - run homer to Yuniesky Betancourt in the seventh . Scot Shields pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked one and struck out three . Scot Shields pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked one and struck out three . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Ryan Church had three hits and drove in two runs , and Ryan Church had three hits and drove in two runs for the Mets . Joe Smith ( 6 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Micah Hoffpauir had a career - high five hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in five runs for the Cubs , who have lost six of seven . Chicago 's Micah Hoffpauir had a career - high five hits , including a three - run homer off Ricardo Rincon in the seventh	True
It was Chicago 's third walk - off win of the season . Hoffpauir , who had a career - high five hits , had a career - high five hits , including a three - run homer off Ricardo Rincon in the seventh	True
It was Chicago 's first game - ending hit of the season . Chicago 's Micah Hoffpauir had a career - high five hits , including a three - run homer off Ricardo Rincon in the seventh	True
Clint Barmes hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , Livan Hernandez pitched seven strong innings and the Rockies beat the San Francisco Giants 15 - 6 on Tuesday night . Barmes had a two - run double in the fourth	True
Clint Barmes hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , Livan Hernandez pitched seven strong innings and the Rockies beat the San Francisco Giants 15 - 6 on Tuesday night . Barmes had a two - run double in the fourth and a three - run homer in the fifth	False
Barmes had a two - run double in the fourth and a three - run homer in the fifth to help the Rockies snap a three - game losing streak . Barmes had a two - run double in the fourth	False
Barmes had a two - run double in the fourth and a three - run homer in the fifth to help the Rockies snap a three - game losing streak . Barmes had a two - run double in the fourth and a three - run homer in the fifth	False
Barmes had a two - run double in the fourth and a three - run homer in the fifth . Barmes added a two - run double in the fourth	True
Barmes had a two - run double in the fourth and a three - run homer in the fifth . Barmes added a two - run double in the fourth and Barmes added a three - run homer in the fifth	False
He struck out three and walked two . Matt Herges and Matt Herges each pitched a scoreless inning before Steven Register gave up an RBI single to Bengie Molina in the ninth	True
Hampton ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six - plus innings , striking out four and walking three . Michael Gonzalez pitched the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies tied it in the bottom half on Pat Burrell 's RBI single . The Phillies tied it in the bottom of the second	True
Philadelphia tied it in the bottom half on Feliz 's RBI single . The Phillies tied it in the bottom of the second	True
Jackson ( 1 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits , striking out four and walking four in six - plus innings . Jensen Lewis worked the ninth	True
Boston has lost six of seven . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a bases - loaded walk to Travis Hafner . The Red Sox tied it in the third	True
The Red Sox tied it in the third on Youkilis ' RBI double . The Red Sox tied it in the third	False
MIAMI -- The Philadelphia Phillies have been waiting for Brad Lidge to pitch in the majors this season . Lidge struck out the side in the ninth	True
Lidge struck out the side in the ninth for his major league - leading 39th save , leading the Phillies to a 3 - 2 victory over the Florida Marlins on Tuesday night . Lidge struck out the side in the ninth	False
Lidge struck out the side in the ninth for his major league - leading 39th save in 38 chances . Lidge struck out the side in the ninth	False
Lidge struck out the side in the ninth for his major league - leading 39th save in 38 chances . Lidge struck out the side in the ninth	False
Lidge struck out the side in the ninth for his major league - leading 39th save in 38 chances . Lidge struck out the side in the ninth	False
Lidge struck out the side in the ninth for his major league - leading 39th save in 38 chances . Lidge struck out the side in the ninth	False
Lidge struck out the side in the ninth for his major league - leading 39th save in 38 chances . Lidge struck out the side in the ninth	False
Baisley hit a go - ahead two - run double in the sixth inning and the A 's rallied from a five - run deficit to beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . The A 's trailed 5 - 4 in the sixth	True
The A 's trailed 5 - 4 in the sixth when Bryan LaHair hit a two - run homer and Kenji Johjima added a two - run shot . Huston Street ( 7 - 5 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Brad Ziegler worked the ninth	True
Huston Street ( 7 - 5 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Brad Ziegler pitched the ninth	True
He walked one and did n't strike out a batter for the second time this season . The A 's took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The A 's took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Johjima 's two - out , two - run single . LaHair hit a two - run homer in the second	True
The A 's took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Johjima 's two - out , two - run single . LaHair hit a two - run homer in the second and a two - run single in the fourth	False
LaHair hit a two - run homer in the second and a two - run single in the fourth . LaHair hit a two - run homer in the second	False
LaHair hit a two - run homer in the second and a two - run single in the fourth . LaHair hit a two - run homer in the second and a two - run single in the fourth	False
LaHair hit a two - run homer in the second and a two - run single in the fourth . LaHair hit a two - run homer in the second	False
LaHair hit a two - run homer in the second and a two - run single in the fourth . LaHair hit a two - run homer in the second and a two - run single in the fourth	False
Francisco Rodriguez got the final two outs for his major league - leading 42nd save in 48 chances . He got the final two outs in the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out two . Ramon Pena gave up a run in the ninth	True
Victor Martinez hit a three - run homer in the 11th inning , and the Indians rallied for a 12 - 9 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Victor Martinez hit a three - run homer in the second inning and Grady Sizemore added a solo shot in the eighth	True
Victor Martinez hit a three - run homer in the second inning and Grady Sizemore added a solo shot in the eighth for the Indians , who have won three straight and five of six . Tom Mastny ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 11th	True
Tom Mastny ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 11th for the win . Carlos Gomez hit a tying two - run single in the sixth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts and has a 7.13 ERA in that span . The Indians scored three times in the fifth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts and has a 7.13 ERA in that span . The Indians scored three times in the fifth	True
Gomez hit a two - run single and Michael Cuddyer drove in a run with a groundout . Gomez hit a two - run single in the sixth	True
The Cardinals jumped on Thompson for three runs in the first inning , including a two - run double by LaRoche and a run - scoring single by Brandon Moss . The Pirates made it 6 - 0 in the second	True
The Pirates made it 6 - 0 in the second when McLouth hit a two - run double and scored on a single by Brandon Moss . The Pirates made it 6 - 0 in the second	False
The Pirates made it 6 - 0 in the second when McLouth hit a two - run double and scored on a single by Moss . The Pirates made it 6 - 0 in the second	False
He struck out nine and walked one . Matt Lindstrom pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Robinson Tejeda ( 2 - 2 ) gave up one run and two hits in five innings . Joakim Soria got the final out in the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out two . Joakim Soria got the final out in the ninth	True
Joakim Soria got the final out in the ninth for his 37th save . Ryan Garko hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Ryan Garko hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Devon Lowery . Joakim Soria got the final out in the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 5 in his last seven starts . The Royals took a 4 - 2 lead in the third	True
The Royals took a 4 - 2 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Gomez and a run - scoring single by Buscher . The Royals took a 4 - 2 lead in the third	False
The Royals took a 4 - 2 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Gomez and a run - scoring single by Buscher . The Royals went up 3 - 1 in the second	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Andy Marte . The Indians made it 3 - 0 in the fourth	True
The Indians made it 3 - 0 in the fourth . Grady Sizemore drew a leadoff walk , stole second	False
Grady Sizemore drew a leadoff walk , stole second and scored on a triple by Andy Marte . The Indians made it 4 - 1 in the fifth	True
Clay Rapada ( 3 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Clay Rapada ( 3 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Clay Rapada ( 3 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Dukes had a career - high four hits , including a tiebreaking homer in the 10th inning , and the Washington Nationals beat the Atlanta Braves 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . Langerhans ' homer in the second inning gave Washington a 1 - 0 lead , but the Nationals tied it at 2 in the third	True
Langerhans ' homer in the second inning gave Washington a 1 - 0 lead , but the Nationals tied it at 2 in the third on Willie Harris ' solo homer and Willie Harris ' solo shot . Willie Harris led off the fourth	True
Willie Harris led off the fourth with a homer , and Willie Harris and Willie Harris also homered for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Joel Hanrahan ( 6 - 3 ) gave up two runs in the ninth	True
Joel Hanrahan ( 6 - 3 ) gave up two runs in the ninth . Steven Shell pitched the 10th	True
Yunel Escobar hit a solo homer for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Joel Hanrahan ( 6 - 3 ) gave up two runs in the ninth	True
He has given up four home runs in his last three starts . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
He has given up four home runs in his last three starts . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Gregor Blanco 's RBI single and Gregor Blanco 's run - scoring single in the second	True
The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Gregor Blanco 's RBI single and Gregor Blanco 's run - scoring single in the second . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	False
The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Brandon Jones and a run - scoring single by Gregor Blanco . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	False
Sabathia gave up one run and five hits in seven innings , striking out nine and walking two . Brian Shouse ( 5 - 1 ) got the final two outs in the 11th	True
Brian Shouse ( 5 - 1 ) got the final two outs in the 11th to earn the win . Brian Shouse ( 5 - 1 ) got the final two outs in the 11th	False
Brian Shouse ( 5 - 1 ) got the final two outs in the 11th to earn the win . Brian Shouse ( 5 - 1 ) got the final two outs in the 11th	False
Brian Shouse ( 5 - 1 ) got the final two outs in the 11th to earn the win . Brian Shouse ( 5 - 1 ) got the final two outs in the 11th	False
He walked three and struck out two . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Jason Kendall . The Brewers tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
Adrian Gonzalez drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . The Padres tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
He struck out eight and walked three . J. J. Putz pitched the ninth	True
The Yankees have won six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . Rodriguez had three hits , including a two - run homer off Troy Percival in the ninth	True
Rodriguez had three hits , including a two - run homer off Troy Percival in the ninth that made it 8 - 3 . Edwar Ramirez ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Edwin Jackson ( 11 - 9 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Edwar Ramirez ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Ryan Howard hit two home runs and drove in four runs for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Howard hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the third time this season . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Howard and a two - run shot by Howard . The Nationals tied it in the bottom of the first	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Damaso Marte got four outs , Dan Giese worked the eighth	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Damaso Marte got four outs , Dan Giese worked the eighth and Damaso Marte got the final two outs of the ninth	True
Fielder hit a go - ahead , three - run homer in the ninth inning and the Brewers beat the Houston Astros 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Fielder hit a three - run homer in the sixth inning and a two - run shot off Jose Valverde in the ninth	True
Fielder hit a three - run homer in the sixth inning and a two - run shot off Jose Valverde in the ninth to give the Brewers an 8 - 7 lead . Fielder hit his first homer of the season , a two - run shot off Jose Valverde in the ninth	True
Fielder hit his first homer of the season , a two - run shot off Jose Valverde in the ninth . He also had an RBI single in the 11th	True
He also had an RBI single in the 11th . Michael Bourn hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the fifth	True
Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first inning when Kinsler hit a 2 - 2 pitch into the left - field seats . It was his fourth leadoff homer of the season and second	False
It was his fourth leadoff homer of the season and second in two games . The Rangers made it 4 - 0 in the second	True
Barajas hit a pair of two - run homers , Rod Barajas hit a game - ending single in the 11th inning and the Blue Jays beat the Texas Rangers 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the fourth , giving the Blue Jays a 4 - 2 lead . Barajas hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the fourth , giving the Blue Jays a 4 - 2 lead . Barajas hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his first	False
Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the fourth , giving the Blue Jays a 4 - 2 lead . Barajas hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his first of the postseason , and Barajas added a two - run drive in the fourth	True
Barajas hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his first of the postseason , and Barajas added a two - run drive in the fourth . Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Barajas hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his first of the postseason , and Barajas added a two - run drive in the fourth . Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second , his first	False
Barajas hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his first of the postseason , and Barajas added a two - run drive in the fourth . Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second , his first of the postseason , and Barajas added a two - run drive in the fourth	False
Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second , his first of the postseason , and Barajas added a two - run drive in the fourth . Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second , his first of the postseason , and Barajas added a two - run drive in the fourth . Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second , his first	False
Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second , his first of the postseason , and Barajas added a two - run drive in the fourth . Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second , his first of the postseason , and Barajas added a two - run drive in the fourth	False
Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second , his first of the postseason , and Barajas added a two - run drive in the fourth . The Blue Jays took a 7 - 3 lead in the sixth	True
He walked two and struck out six . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
He walked two and struck out six . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Barajas , his first	False
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Barajas , his first of the year . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Barajas , his first of the year . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Barajas , his first	False
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Barajas , his first of the year . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Barajas , his first of the year . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Barajas , his first	False
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Barajas , his first of the year . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Barajas , his first of the year . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Barajas , his third	False
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Barajas , his third . The Blue Jays answered with two in the third	True
Chris Davis led off with a double and scored on a two - out double by Marlon Byrd . The Rangers cut it to 5 - 3 in the fifth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.05 ERA in four starts against the Marlins this season . Matt Capps pitched the ninth	True
Anibal Sanchez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking two . Cameron Maybin hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
He did not strike out a batter and did not strike out a batter for the first time this season . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth	True
He did not strike out a batter and did not walk a batter . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth	True
The Cubs took a 5 - 4 lead into the bottom of the inning , but the Cubs tied it in the bottom of the inning on Derrek Lee 's two - run double and Aaron Miles ' two - run double . Angel Guzman ( 1 - 0 ) worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the 11th	True
Angel Guzman ( 1 - 0 ) worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the 11th to earn the win . Aramis Ramirez hit a two - out , two - run homer in the 11th	True
Aramis Ramirez hit a two - out , two - run homer in the 11th for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Angel Guzman ( 1 - 0 ) worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the 11th	True
Angel Guzman ( 1 - 0 ) worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the 11th to earn the win . Ryan Ludwick had an RBI double off Carlos Marmol in the eighth	True
Ryan Ludwick had an RBI double off Carlos Marmol in the eighth to tie it at 5 . Angel Guzman ( 1 - 0 ) worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the 11th	True
Angel Guzman ( 1 - 0 ) worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the 11th to earn the win . Ryan Ludwick had a run - scoring single off Carlos Marmol in the eighth	True
Ryan Ludwick had a run - scoring single off Carlos Marmol in the eighth to tie it at 5 . The Cardinals tied it at 5 in the eighth	True
Ryan Ludwick had a run - scoring single off Carlos Marmol in the eighth to tie it at 5 . The Cardinals tied it at 5 in the eighth on Yadier Molina 's RBI double off Carlos Marmol , who gave up a tying double to Ryan Theriot in the eighth	True
The Cardinals tied it at 5 in the eighth on Yadier Molina 's RBI double off Carlos Marmol , who gave up a tying double to Ryan Theriot in the eighth . Angel Guzman ( 1 - 0 ) worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the 11th	False
Angel Guzman ( 1 - 0 ) worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the 11th to earn the win . Ryan Ludwick had a run - scoring single off Carlos Marmol in the eighth	True
Angel Guzman ( 1 - 0 ) worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the 11th to earn the win . Ryan Ludwick had a run - scoring single off Carlos Marmol in the eighth off Carlos Marmol , who gave up an RBI double to Yadier Molina in the eighth	True
Suzuki hit a grand slam and drove in four runs , leading the Seattle Mariners to an 11 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Suzuki had a two - run single in the seventh inning and a grand slam off Jason Bulger in the seventh	True
It was the second grand slam of the season for Suzuki , who had a career - high four RBIs . He also had a two - run single in the seventh inning and a grand slam off Jason Bulger in the seventh	True
It was the second grand slam of the season for Suzuki , who came off the disabled list earlier in the day after missing two games with a sore right shoulder . Suzuki had a two - run single in the seventh inning and a grand slam off Jason Bulger in the seventh	True
He also hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning of a 6 - 5 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Monday night . Suzuki had a two - run single in the seventh	True
He also hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning of a 6 - 5 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Monday night . Suzuki had a two - run single in the seventh and a grand slam off Jason Bulger in the seventh	True
He struck out two and walked two . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
He struck out two and walked two . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Hunter 's two - run homer , his third	False
The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Hunter 's two - run homer , his third of the season . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Russell Branyan doubled and scored on Franklin Gutierrez 's single . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
Perez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in six - plus innings , striking out four and walking two . Bobby Parnell worked a perfect eighth	True
Perez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in six - plus innings , striking out four and walking two . Bobby Parnell worked a perfect eighth and Sean Green gave up a solo homer to Adrian Gonzalez in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Padres took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Padres took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Carlos Beltran and a double - play grounder by Carlos Beltran . The Padres cut it to 2 - 1 in the fifth	True
The Padres took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Carlos Beltran and a double - play grounder by Carlos Beltran . The Padres cut it to 2 - 1 in the fifth on Scott Hairston 's two - out RBI single , and Scott Hairston hit an RBI single in the fifth	True
The Padres cut it to 2 - 1 in the fifth on Scott Hairston 's two - out RBI single , and Scott Hairston hit an RBI single in the fifth to cut the Mets ' lead to 2 - 1 . Scott Hairston hit an RBI single in the fifth	True
The Padres cut it to 2 - 1 in the fifth on Scott Hairston 's two - out RBI single , and Scott Hairston hit an RBI single in the fifth to cut the Mets ' lead to 2 - 1 . Scott Hairston hit an RBI single in the fifth for San Diego , and Scott Hairston hit an RBI single in the fifth	False
Scott Hairston hit an RBI single in the fifth for San Diego , and Scott Hairston hit an RBI single in the fifth to cut the Mets ' lead to 2 - 1 . Scott Hairston hit an RBI single in the fifth	True
Scott Hairston hit an RBI single in the fifth for San Diego , and Scott Hairston hit an RBI single in the fifth to cut the Mets ' lead to 2 - 1 . Scott Hairston hit an RBI single in the fifth for San Diego , and Scott Hairston hit an RBI single in the fifth	False
He walked four and struck out four . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He walked three and struck out three . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh	True
Adrian Beltre led off with a double and scored on Sweeney 's double to right - center . The A 's had runners on first	False
Adrian Beltre led off with a double and scored on Sweeney 's double to right - center . The A 's had runners on first and second	False
Adrian Beltre led off with a double and scored on Sweeney 's double to right - center . The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
Scott Hairston hit a three - run homer , Scott Hairston had a three - run shot and the Padres beat the San Francisco Giants 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Scott Hairston hit a three - run homer in the eighth inning and Scott Hairston added a three - run shot in the eighth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Giants scored an unearned run in the ninth	True
Bengie Molina followed with an RBI single to cut the Padres ' lead to 4 - 2 . The Giants scored an unearned run in the ninth	True
Bengie Molina followed with an RBI single to cut the Padres ' lead to 7 - 3 . The Giants scored an unearned run in the ninth	True
Delgado 's two - run homer in the first inning gave the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . Delgado 's two - run homer in the first	True
Delgado 's two - run single in the fifth gave the Mets a 5 - 4 lead . The Mets loaded the bases with one out in the seventh	True
He struck out six and walked one . Manny Corpas pitched a scoreless seventh	True
He struck out six and walked one . Manny Corpas pitched a scoreless seventh , Manny Corpas pitched the seventh	True
He struck out six and walked one . Manny Corpas pitched a scoreless seventh , Manny Corpas pitched the seventh and Manny Corpas pitched the ninth	False
He struck out four and walked four . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
It was his first leadoff homer of the season . The Rockies took a 4 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Rockies took a 4 - 1 lead in the third on a two - run double by Ryan Spilborghs and a sacrifice fly by Garrett Atkins . Fowler led off the seventh	True
Fowler led off the seventh with his second home run of the season , a solo shot off reliever Billy Buckner that made it 6 - 1 . The Rockies added two runs in the ninth	True
The Rockies added two runs in the ninth . Fowler led off the game with a home run , his first	False
Aaron Hill hit a go - ahead , three - run homer in the eighth inning and the Toronto Blue Jays rallied to beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Hill hit a three - run homer off Brandon Lyon ( 0 - 1 ) to give the Blue Jays a 4 - 3 lead in the eighth	True
Aaron Hill hit a go - ahead , three - run homer in the eighth inning and the Toronto Blue Jays rallied to beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Hill hit a three - run homer off Brandon Lyon ( 0 - 1 ) to give the Blue Jays a 4 - 3 lead in the eighth , but the Blue Jays rallied in the eighth	True
Aurilia hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning and the Giants beat Adam Wainwright and the Cardinals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Aurilia hit a leadoff homer in the seventh	True
Merkin Valdez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Brian Wilson pitched the ninth	True
Merkin Valdez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Brian Wilson pitched the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out three . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out eight and walked two . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out four and walked two . Juan Cruz pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked none . The Cardinals scored in the first	True
The Cardinals scored in the first on an RBI double by Yadier Molina and a run - scoring single by Yadier Molina . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth	True
He struck out four and walked two . Juan Cruz pitched the ninth	True
NEW YORK -- Alex Rodriguez hit a tying , two - run homer off Brad Lidge in the ninth inning , and the New York Yankees rallied for three runs in the ninth	True
Lidge ( 0 - 2 ) gave up a single to Robinson Cano and a walk to Johnny Damon before Rodriguez lined a 3 - 2 pitch into the right - field seats . Jose Veras ( 3 - 1 ) got the final out in the ninth	True
Raul Ibanez hit a solo homer for the Phillies , who have lost four of six . Jose Veras ( 3 - 1 ) got the final out in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . Raul Ibanez hit a solo homer in the second	True
The right - hander is 3 - 1 in his last five starts . Francisco Cordero pitched a perfect ninth	True
Cleveland starter Anthony Reyes left after three innings with a strained muscle in his left side . Alex Gonzalez had three hits , including a run - scoring double in the eighth	True
Alex Gonzalez had three hits , including a run - scoring double in the eighth off Aaron Laffey ( 3 - 1 ) . Francisco Cordero pitched a perfect ninth	True
Cleveland starter Anthony Reyes left after three innings with a strained muscle in his left side . He was replaced by Jensen Lewis , who gave up a single by Alex Gonzalez in the eighth	True
Darren O'Day ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 hitless innings for the win . Frank Francisco worked the 10th	True
Michael Young had three hits and drove in a run for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Frank Francisco pitched the 10th	True
Michael Young had three hits and drove in a run for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Frank Francisco pitched the 10th	True
Michael Young had three hits and drove in a run for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Frank Francisco pitched the 10th	True
Michael Young had three hits and drove in a run for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Frank Francisco pitched the 10th	True
He walked two and struck out three . Jon Rauch pitched the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out five . The A 's went ahead 2 - 1 in the fifth	True
Young ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings , struck out six and walked three . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Giants have lost five of their last six games . Hairston hit a solo homer in the first	True
The Giants have lost five of their last six games . Hairston hit a solo homer in the first , his first	False
The Giants have lost five of their last six games . Hairston hit a solo homer in the first , his first , in the second	True
Hairston hit a solo homer in the first , his first , in the second . The Giants cut it to 2 - 1 in the sixth	False
The Giants cut it to 2 - 1 in the sixth on Emmanuel Burriss ' run - scoring fielder 's choice and Emmanuel Burriss ' run - scoring fielder 's choice . San Francisco had runners on first	False
The Giants cut it to 2 - 1 in the sixth on Emmanuel Burriss ' run - scoring fielder 's choice and Emmanuel Burriss ' run - scoring fielder 's choice . San Francisco had runners on first and third	False
The Giants cut it to 2 - 1 in the sixth on Emmanuel Burriss ' run - scoring fielder 's choice and Emmanuel Burriss ' run - scoring fielder 's choice . San Francisco had runners on first and third with one out in the seventh	True
He struck out three and walked one . Chad Qualls worked the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked one . Chad Qualls worked the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked one . Chad Qualls worked the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked one . Chad Qualls pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Chad Qualls pitched a scoreless ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Florida 's Hanley Ramirez homered in the sixth	True
Florida 's Hanley Ramirez homered in the sixth for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida went ahead 2 - 0 in the sixth	True
Yunel Escobar hit a sacrifice fly in the bottom of the ninth inning , and the Braves beat the Diamondbacks 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Chipper Jones hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the third inning off Arizona starter Doug Davis , and Jordan Schafer drove in a run with a single in the ninth	True
Chipper Jones hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the third inning off Arizona starter Doug Davis , and Jordan Schafer drove in a run with a single in the ninth . Michael Gonzalez ( 2 - 0 ) gave up Stephen Drew 's leadoff homer in the top of the ninth	False
Michael Gonzalez ( 2 - 0 ) gave up Stephen Drew 's leadoff homer in the top of the ninth . Gonzalez ( 2 - 0 ) gave up Stephen Drew 's leadoff homer in the top of the ninth	False
Gonzalez ( 2 - 0 ) gave up Stephen Drew 's leadoff homer in the top of the ninth . Gonzalez ( 2 - 0 ) gave up Stephen Drew 's leadoff homer in the top of the ninth	False
Gonzalez ( 2 - 0 ) gave up Stephen Drew 's leadoff homer in the top of the ninth . Gonzalez ( 2 - 0 ) gave up Stephen Drew 's leadoff homer in the top of the ninth	False
He walked two and struck out a season - high 10 . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Justin Upton 's RBI triple and Gerardo Parra 's run - scoring groundout . The Diamondbacks tied it in the second	True
Yunel Escobar drove in Schafer with a fielder 's choice grounder . The Diamondbacks tied it in the second	True
The Diamondbacks tied it in the second . Jeff Francoeur led off with a single , moved to third	False
Jeff Francoeur led off with a single , moved to third on Davis ' single and scored on Yunel Escobar 's fielder 's choice grounder . Schafer advanced to third	False
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Hank Blalock 's first game - ending homer of the season gave the Texas Rangers a 3 - 2 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Davis hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning off Brandon Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) , who allowed three runs in one - third	True
Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and three hits while getting just one out . Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and three hits in one - third	True
Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and three hits in one - third of an inning . Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) gave up three runs and three hits in one - third	False
He struck out seven and walked one . Trevor Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked five and struck out three . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Dan Uggla led off with a double and scored on Emilio Bonifacio 's double - play grounder . Florida took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
Florida took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Dan Uggla led off with a double and scored on Bush 's wild pitch . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Dan Uggla led off with a double and scored on Bush 's wild pitch . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
He walked four and struck out two . Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh	True
He walked four and struck out two . Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh	True
He walked four and struck out two . Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh and Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh	False
Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh and Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh . Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh	False
Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh and Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh . Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh and Jonathan Albaladejo worked the eighth	False
Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh and Jonathan Albaladejo worked the eighth . Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh	False
Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh and Jonathan Albaladejo worked the eighth . Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh and Jonathan Albaladejo worked the eighth	False
Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh and Jonathan Albaladejo worked the eighth . Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo allowed one hit in the seventh	True
Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh and Jonathan Albaladejo worked the eighth . Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo allowed one hit in the seventh and Jonathan Albaladejo finished it by getting Scott Rolen to ground into an inning - ending double play with runners at first	False
Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh and Jonathan Albaladejo worked the eighth . Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo allowed one hit in the seventh and Jonathan Albaladejo finished it by getting Scott Rolen to ground into an inning - ending double play with runners at first and second	False
Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo worked the seventh and Jonathan Albaladejo worked the eighth . Alfredo Aceves worked two scoreless innings , Jonathan Albaladejo allowed one hit in the seventh and Jonathan Albaladejo finished it by getting Scott Rolen to ground into an inning - ending double play with runners at first and second in the eighth	True
Bengie Molina and Bengie Molina also homered for the Giants , who have won four of five . Brandon Medders ( 2 - 1 ) earned the win with two outs in the ninth	True
Brandon Medders ( 2 - 1 ) earned the win with two - thirds of an inning . Joe Beimel ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a two - run homer to Bengie Molina in the ninth	True
It was the first game - ending hit of the season for Sandoval , who is hitting .303 with four homers and 10 RBIs in his last 10 games . The Giants scored five times in the fourth	True
Renteria hit a two - run single to give the Giants a 5 - 1 lead . Johnson hit a three - run homer in the seventh	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Derek Holland ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 hitless innings for the win . Josh Hamilton hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Derek Holland ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 hitless innings for the win . Josh Hamilton hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Derek Holland ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with 1 2/3 hitless innings of relief . Josh Hamilton hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
He struck out three and walked two . The Mariners tied it in the seventh	True
The Mariners tied it in the seventh on Kenji Johjima 's one - out double that scored Franklin Gutierrez , who led off with a double . The Mariners tied it in the seventh	False
The Mariners tied it in the seventh on Kenji Johjima 's one - out double that scored Franklin Gutierrez , who led off the inning with a single . The Mariners had only one hit in the first five innings , but Feldman got out of that jam with runners on second	False
The Mariners tied it in the seventh on Kenji Johjima 's one - out double that scored Franklin Gutierrez , who led off the inning with a single . The Mariners had only one hit in the first five innings , but Feldman got out of that jam with runners on second and third	False
The Mariners tied it in the seventh on Kenji Johjima 's one - out double that scored Franklin Gutierrez , who led off the inning with a single . The Mariners had only one hit in the first five innings , but Feldman got out of that jam with runners on second and third in the fourth	True
He struck out four and walked three . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Blalock hit a 2 - 1 pitch into the left - field seats for his first home run of the season . The Rangers tied it in the second	True
The Rangers tied it in the second when Jermaine Dye hit a one - out double and scored on Paul Konerko 's wild pitch . Chicago tied it in the second	True
Chicago tied it in the second when Jermaine Dye hit a one - out double and scored on Nelson Cruz 's wild pitch . The Rangers tied it in the second	True
The Rangers tied it in the second when Jermaine Dye hit a one - out double and scored on Nelson Cruz 's two - out wild pitch . Blalock hit a solo shot in the seventh	True
The White Sox won for just the second time in eight games . Scott Linebrink ( 1 - 1 ) pitched one inning for the win and Bobby Jenks worked a perfect ninth	True
He struck out two and walked three . The White Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
He walked three and struck out two . The Rangers tied it at 1 in the fifth	True
Jarrod Saltalamacchia led off with a double and scored on Ian Kinsler 's two - out single . The Rangers tied it in the fifth	True
The Rangers tied it in the fifth on Elvis Andrus ' two - out RBI single . The Rangers tied it in the fifth	False
The Rangers tied it in the fifth on Elvis Andrus ' two - out RBI single . The Rangers tied it in the fifth	False
The Rangers tied it in the fifth on Elvis Andrus ' two - out RBI single . The Rangers tied it at 1 in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Phillies jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the second	True
The Phillies jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the second on Kelly Johnson 's RBI single . The Phillies tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
Jeff Francoeur 's RBI single made it 2 - 1 . Jeff Francoeur 's RBI single made it 2 - 1 in the fifth	True
He struck out four and walked four in his first career start against the Dodgers . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Jeremy Sowers ( 0 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and seven hits in five - plus innings for Cleveland . The Red Sox scored five runs in the sixth	True
The Red Sox scored five runs in the sixth to chase Jeremy Sowers ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up seven runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on George Kottaras ' RBI single . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a single by Rocco Baldelli and a run - scoring single by George Kottaras . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Asdrubal Cabrera 's sacrifice fly and Asdrubal Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox scored five runs in the sixth	True
The Red Sox scored five runs in the sixth to chase Sowers , who gave up seven hits and seven runs -- seven earned -- with three walks and one strikeout . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by George Kottaras . The Indians tied it in the fifth	True
The Indians tied it in the fifth on Asdrubal Cabrera 's sacrifice fly and Asdrubal Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
Guzman 's two - run homer in the bottom of the eighth gave the Nationals a 10 - 9 lead . It was the first game - ending hit of the season for Guzman , who had three hits , including a two - run homer off Geoff Geary in the eighth	True
It was the first game - ending hit of the season for Guzman , who had three hits , including a two - run homer off Geoff Geary in the eighth . Joel Hanrahan ( 1 - 1 ) pitched the 11th	True
Cabrera hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , Rick Porcello pitched seven innings of four - hit ball and the Tigers beat the Minnesota Twins 9 - 0 on Tuesday night . Cabrera hit a two - run triple in the second inning and a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Cabrera hit a two - run triple in the second inning and a two - run homer in the fourth . He also had an RBI double in the second	True
Cabrera hit a two - run triple in the second inning and a two - run homer in the fourth . He also had an RBI double in the second and a two - run homer in the fourth	False
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in three starts against the Twins this season . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Sweeney hit a tying homer in the ninth inning and the Mariners rallied for an 8 - 7 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Jose Lopez led off the 15th	True
Sweeney hit a tying homer in the ninth inning and the Mariners rallied for an 8 - 7 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Jose Lopez led off the 15th with a single off Dana Eveland ( 1 - 2 ) and advanced to second	False
Jason Vargas ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for his first major league win . He struck out four and gave up two hits , including a two - run double by Landon Powell with two outs in the 13th	True
He struck out five and walked four . The A 's had a season - high 16 hits , including a pair of two - run homers by Jack Cust , who had a two - run shot in the first	True
The A 's had a season - high 16 hits , including a pair of two - run homers by Jack Cust , who had a two - run shot in the first off Chris Jakubauskas . The A 's tied it at 2 in the fifth	True
Morneau hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the fifth inning , and the Twins beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Mauer had a solo homer in the first inning and a two - run single in the fourth	True
Kevin Slowey ( 4 - 0 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings for the Twins . Joe Nathan pitched the ninth	True
The Royals have lost four of five . David DeJesus had three hits and three RBIs for Kansas City , including a two - run single in the third	True
David DeJesus had three hits and three RBIs for Kansas City , including a two - run single in the third that gave Kansas City a 2 - 1 lead . The Royals tied it in the third	True
The Royals tied it in the third on Jose Guillen 's two - out , two - run single . The Royals tied it in the third	False
The Royals tied it in the third on a two - run single by David DeJesus . The Royals tied it in the third	False
DeJesus ' two - run single in the fifth gave Kansas City a 5 - 2 lead . The Royals tied it in the fifth	True
The Royals tied it in the fifth on DeJesus ' two - out , two - run single . The Royals tied it in the fifth	False
NEW YORK -- Alex Rodriguez hit a go - ahead homer in the seventh inning , and the New York Yankees rallied for an 8 - 5 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Alex Rodriguez hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth	True
Alex Rodriguez hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth for his 19th save in 20 chances . Rodriguez hit a two - run homer off Chris Jakubauskas in the seventh	True
Alex Rodriguez hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth for his 19th save in 20 chances . Rodriguez hit a two - run homer off Chris Jakubauskas in the seventh , and Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth	False
Rodriguez hit a two - run homer off Chris Jakubauskas in the seventh , and Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . The Yankees rallied from a 3 - 1 deficit to tie it in the top of the eighth	False
The Yankees rallied from a 3 - 1 deficit to tie it in the top of the eighth against Brian Bruney ( 3 - 0 ) . Ichiro Suzuki led off with a single , stole second	False
Ichiro Suzuki led off with a single , stole second and scored on Russell Branyan 's single . Brian Bruney ( 3 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a two - run single to Russell Branyan in the eighth	True
Brian Bruney ( 3 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a two - run single to Russell Branyan in the eighth . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth	True
Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . The Yankees scored three runs off Brian Bruney ( 3 - 0 ) in the eighth	True
Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . The Yankees scored three runs off Brian Bruney ( 3 - 0 ) in the eighth and tied it in the eighth	True
The Yankees scored three runs off Brian Bruney ( 3 - 0 ) in the eighth and tied it in the eighth on Russell Branyan 's two - run single off Brian Bruney ( 3 - 0 ) . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth	True
Johnny Damon led off with a double and scored on Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . The Mariners tied it in the fifth	True
The Mariners tied it in the fifth on Branyan 's RBI single and Russell Branyan 's sacrifice fly . The Mariners tied it in the fifth	False
The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 5.45 ERA in his previous five starts . David Aardsma pitched a perfect ninth	True
The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season , and the White Sox beat the Cubs 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Alexei Ramirez hit a two - run homer and Alexei Ramirez added a solo shot in the eighth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 5.82 ERA in his last five starts . Milton Branyan homered in the ninth	True
He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Joe Nathan worked the ninth	True
Joe Nathan worked the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . Nathan gave up a single to Joe Thurston and a double to Joe Thurston in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked four . The Cardinals had runners on first	False
He struck out five and walked four . The Cardinals had runners on first and third	False
He struck out five and walked four . The Cardinals had runners on first and third with one out in the seventh	True
The Yankees scored six runs in the fourth inning off Derek Lowe ( 7 - 6 ) , who allowed eight runs -- six earned -- and 11 hits in three - plus innings . Brian McCann and Brian McCann hit back - to - back homers in the ninth	True
The right - hander has allowed at least three runs in each of his five starts this season . The Braves jumped on Lowe in the first	True
The Braves jumped on Lowe in the first . Jeter led off with a single , stole second	False
The Braves jumped on Lowe in the first . Jeter led off with a single , stole second , advanced to third	False
Jeter led off with a single , stole second , advanced to third on a wild pitch and scored on Cody Ransom 's double - play grounder . The Yankees made it 3 - 1 in the second	True
Brayan Pena and Miguel Olivo hit back - to - back home runs in the 11th inning to give the Royals a 3 - 2 lead . Joakim Soria ( 2 - 0 ) allowed a run and two hits in the 10th	True
Joakim Soria ( 2 - 0 ) allowed a run and two hits in the 10th . John Bale pitched a perfect 11th	True
John Bale pitched a perfect 11th for his first career save . Joakim Soria ( 2 - 0 ) allowed a run and two hits in a run in the 10th	True
Joakim Soria ( 2 - 0 ) allowed a run and two hits in a run in the 10th . John Bale pitched a perfect 11th	True
Houston starter Luke Hochevar yielded three hits and two runs with four strikeouts in seven innings . John Bale pitched a perfect 11th	True
Houston starter Luke Hochevar yielded three hits and two runs with four strikeouts in seven innings . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Mark Teahen doubled and scored on a single by David DeJesus . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	False
The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Mark Teahen doubled and scored on a single by David DeJesus . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	False
Ryan Raburn hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the inning to give the Tigers a 3 - 2 lead . Brandon Lyon ( 3 - 3 ) retired the only batter he faced in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked four . Micah Hoffpauir hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
He struck out seven and walked four . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Geovany Soto 's fielder 's choice grounder . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the first	True
He struck out six and walked three . Huston Street pitched the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked three . Huston Street pitched the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked three . Huston Street pitched the ninth	True
David Ortiz homered and drove in two runs , and Nick Green and Nick Green also homered for the Red Sox , who won for just the second time in nine games . Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) worked around a two - out walk in the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked none . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out four and did not walk a batter . The Royals scored three runs off Carpenter in the eighth	True
He walked four and struck out five . Nolan Reimold hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out five . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Jayson Werth 's two - out , two - run double off Antonio Bastardo ( 2 - 2 ) . Reimold led off the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Phillies jumped ahead 2 - 0 in the first	True
The Phillies jumped ahead 2 - 0 in the first on Jayson Werth 's two - run double to right . Reimold led off the ninth	True
DETROIT -- Marcus Thames hit a pair of two - run homers , Curtis Granderson added a two - run shot and the Detroit Tigers beat the Milwaukee Brewers 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Thames hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning , and Curtis Granderson added a two - run shot in the seventh	True
He walked one and struck out one . Prince Fielder hit a three - run homer in the first	True
Prince Fielder hit a three - run homer in the first for Milwaukee , which has lost four of five . The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
Prince Fielder hit a three - run homer in the first for Milwaukee , which has lost four of five . The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a three - run homer by Prince Fielder , his third	False
The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a three - run homer by Prince Fielder , his third of the season . The Brewers took a 4 - 3 lead in the fourth	True
The Brewers took a 4 - 3 lead in the fourth on Craig Counsell 's sacrifice fly , and Fielder 's two - run homer in the bottom of the inning made it 7 - 4 . The Tigers took a 4 - 3 lead in the fourth	False
The Tigers took a 4 - 3 lead in the fourth on Craig Counsell 's sacrifice fly , and Fielder 's two - run homer in the bottom of the inning made it 7 - 4 . The Tigers took a 4 - 3 lead in the fourth	False
The Tigers took a 4 - 3 lead in the fourth on Craig Counsell 's sacrifice fly , and Fielder 's two - run homer in the bottom of the inning made it 7 - 4 . Fielder hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
He walked one and struck out one . The Blue Jays cut it to 6 - 5 in the seventh	True
The Blue Jays cut it to 6 - 5 in the seventh when Kevin Millar hit a leadoff double and scored on Rios ' seventh - inning passed ball . Rios hit a two - run homer off West in the fourth	True
It was Kemp 's third homer of the season and first since July 27 . Cory Wade ( 2 - 3 ) got the win despite allowing Andruw Jones ' tying homer in the sixth	True
Cory Wade ( 2 - 3 ) got the win despite allowing Andruw Jones ' tying homer in the sixth . Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth	True
Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . Grilli ( 2 - 3 ) got the win despite giving up Andruw Jones ' tying homer in the sixth	True
Grilli ( 2 - 3 ) got the win despite giving up Andruw Jones ' tying homer in the sixth . Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth	True
Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . Andruw Jones homered off Cory Wade ( 2 - 3 ) with two outs in the sixth	True
It was Jones ' first home run since July 26 , 2010 , at Houston . Cory Wade ( 2 - 3 ) got the win despite allowing Andruw Jones ' tying homer in the sixth	True
Cory Wade ( 2 - 3 ) got the win despite allowing Andruw Jones ' tying homer in the sixth . Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth	True
Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . The Dodgers had only one runner reach third base until the sixth	True
The Dodgers had only one runner reach third base until the sixth , when Ian Kinsler led off with a double and scored on a groundout by Rafael Furcal . Rafael Furcal had an RBI groundout in the sixth	True
Rafael Furcal had an RBI groundout in the sixth to make it 1 - 0 . Rafael Furcal had an RBI groundout in the sixth	False
Ryan Howard and Ryan Howard hit solo homers for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Takashi Saito ( 2 - 0 ) got the final two outs in the 13th	True
Takashi Saito ( 2 - 0 ) got the final two outs in the 13th to earn the win . Daniel Bard pitched the 13th	True
The Red Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . Takashi Saito ( 2 - 0 ) got the final two outs in the 13th	True
Takashi Saito ( 2 - 0 ) got the final two outs in the 13th to earn the win . Daniel Bard pitched the 13th	True
The Red Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Takashi Saito ( 2 - 0 ) got the final two outs in the 13th	True
Takashi Saito ( 2 - 0 ) got the final two outs in the 13th to earn the win . Daniel Bard pitched the 13th	True
Daniel Bard pitched the 13th for his first save . The Red Sox had runners on first	False
Daniel Bard pitched the 13th for his first save . The Red Sox had runners on first and second	False
Daniel Bard pitched the 13th for his first save . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th	True
The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Bard struck out Jayson Werth and Jayson Werth to end the game . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Feliz 's RBI groundout . The Red Sox loaded the bases with one out in the second	True
Utley hit a tiebreaking homer in the 11th inning and the Phillies beat the New York Mets 5 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . Utley hit a solo shot off Bobby Parnell ( 2 - 1 ) leading off the 11th	True
New York 's Mike Pelfrey gave up four runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six - plus innings . He had two hits , including a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the seventh	True
He had two hits , including a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the seventh that made it 4 - 2 . Jimmy Rollins tied it at 4 with a fielder 's choice grounder in the seventh	True
He had two hits , including a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the seventh that made it 4 - 2 . Jimmy Rollins tied it at 4 with a fielder 's choice grounder in the seventh , and Jimmy Rollins drove in a run with a fielder 's choice in the seventh	True
DETROIT -- Clete Thomas hit a tiebreaking grand slam in the eighth inning , and the Detroit Tigers rallied to beat the Los Angeles Angels 9 - 6 on Tuesday night . The Tigers trailed 5 - 4 in the eighth	True
Adam Everett hit a two - out , two - run single off Jose Arredondo ( 1 - 3 ) to make it 9 - 5 . Joel Zumaya ( 2 - 0 ) escaped a bases - loaded , one - out jam in the eighth	True
Joel Zumaya ( 2 - 0 ) escaped a bases - loaded , one - out jam in the eighth to earn the win . Jose Arredondo ( 1 - 3 ) walked Miguel Cabrera with two outs in the eighth	True
Joel Zumaya ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for the win . Fernando Rodney gave up a run - scoring double to Erick Aybar in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked five . The Angels took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth	True
The Angels took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth on a two - out RBI single by Erick Aybar . The Angels tied it in the sixth	True
The Angels tied it in the sixth on Erick Aybar 's two - out RBI single . The Angels tied it in the sixth	False
Jones ' two - run homer in the fifth inning off Manny Parra gave the Braves a 5 - 3 lead . It was Jones ' first multihomer game of the season and the second	False
He also had a two - run homer in the fifth inning of a 4 - 3 win over the Brewers on Tuesday night . Jones ' two - run homer in the fifth	True
It was Jones ' first multihomer game of the season . He also had a two - run homer in the fifth	True
He also had a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Braves a 5 - 3 lead . Eric O'Flaherty ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Eric O'Flaherty ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth to earn the win . Michael Gonzalez pitched the ninth	True
Ryan Braun homered twice and drove in four runs for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Eric O'Flaherty ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Eric O'Flaherty ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Michael Gonzalez pitched the ninth	True
Parra gave up five runs , eight hits and two walks in 5 2/3 innings . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Parra gave up five runs , eight hits and two walks in 5 2/3 innings . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nate McLouth singled , stole second	False
Joakim Soria worked 1 1/3 innings , Joakim Soria worked 1 1/3 innings and Joakim Soria finished for the Royals . Joakim Soria worked 1 1/3 innings , Joakim Soria worked 1 1/3 innings , Joakim Soria worked the eighth	True
BALTIMORE -- John Smoltz and the Boston Red Sox did n't have to worry about David Ortiz , who hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning to lead the Red Sox to a 6 - 5 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Youkilis had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning , and Jacoby Ellsbury had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Youkilis had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning , and Jacoby Ellsbury had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out two and did not walk a batter . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.89 ERA in his last four starts . Darren Oliver pitched the eighth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.89 ERA in his last four starts . Darren Oliver pitched the eighth and Darren Oliver worked a perfect ninth	True
Suzuki had three hits and scored twice , and Jack Hannahan had three hits and drove in a run for the Mariners . David Aardsma ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Scott Rolen had three hits for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . David Aardsma ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on a groundout by Mike Sweeney . The Mariners added a pair of runs in the sixth	True
He struck out eight , walked none and lowered his ERA to 4.55 . Kevin Gregg got the final out in the ninth	True
Kevin Gregg got the final out for his 21st save in 23 chances . Joey Votto hit a solo homer in the first	True
Joey Votto hit a solo homer in the first for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Joey Votto hit a solo homer in the first	False
Joey Votto hit a solo homer in the first for the Reds , who have lost four of five . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Paul Janish led off with a double and scored on Brandon Phillips ' two - out single . The Reds tied it in the bottom of the second	True
He struck out five and walked three . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nolan Reimold doubled and scored on Melvin Mora 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nolan Reimold doubled and scored on Melvin Mora 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nolan Reimold singled , stole second	False
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nolan Reimold singled , stole second and scored on Melvin Mora 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Melvin Mora 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Melvin Mora 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nolan Reimold singled , stole second	False
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nolan Reimold singled , stole second and scored on Melvin Mora 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nolan Reimold singled , stole second and scored on Melvin Mora 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nolan Reimold singled , stole second	False
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nolan Reimold singled , stole second and scored on Melvin Mora 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nolan Reimold singled , stole second and scored on Melvin Mora 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nolan Reimold singled , stole second	False
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Nolan Reimold singled , stole second and scored on Melvin Mora 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
He walked none and struck out nine . J. P. Howell worked the 10th	True
He walked none and struck out nine . J. P. Howell worked the 10th	True
He walked three and struck out a season - high 10 . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Longoria and a sacrifice fly by Longoria . The Rays tied it in the third	True
The Rays tied it in the third when Alex Rios doubled and scored on Aaron Hill 's single . Toronto tied it in the third	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last four starts . Chris Coghlan hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . Mike MacDougal pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last four starts . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Adam Dunn led off with a single and scored on Ronnie Belliard 's sacrifice fly . The Mets tied it in the sixth	True
The Mets tied it in the sixth . Angel Pagan led off with a single , stole second	False
The Mets tied it in the sixth . Angel Pagan led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
Pagan scored on a wild pitch by Jason Bergmann to give the Mets a 1 - 0 lead . The Nationals tied it in the sixth	True
The Nationals tied it in the sixth . Angel Pagan led off with a single , stole second	False
The Nationals tied it in the sixth . Angel Pagan led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
Pagan scored on a wild pitch by Jason Bergmann to give the Mets a 1 - 0 lead . Willingham hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Willingham hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Nationals a 3 - 1 lead . Willingham added an RBI single off Sean Green in the eighth	True
He has allowed two runs or fewer in six of his seven starts this season . Trevor Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth	True
Michael Cuddyer hit a go - ahead triple with two outs in the 10th inning and the Twins beat the Oakland Athletics 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Joe Mauer singled off Andrew Bailey ( 4 - 3 ) leading off the 10th	True
Michael Cuddyer hit a go - ahead triple with two outs in the 10th inning and the Twins beat the Oakland Athletics 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Joe Mauer singled off Andrew Bailey ( 4 - 3 ) leading off the 10th against Andrew Bailey ( 4 - 3 ) and advanced to second	False
Matt Guerrier ( 5 - 0 ) pitched two hitless innings for the win . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect 10th	True
Matt Guerrier ( 5 - 0 ) pitched two hitless innings for the win . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect 10th	True
Hideki Matsui homered with one out in the bottom of the ninth inning , lifting the Yankees to a 2 - 1 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Eric Hinske and Hideki Matsui hit back - to - back home runs in the bottom of the ninth	True
Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) got two outs for the win . Phil Coke pitched the eighth	True
Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) got two outs for the win . Phil Coke pitched the eighth and Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) got the final two outs of the ninth	True
Phil Coke pitched the eighth and Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) got the final two outs of the ninth for the win . Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) got the final two outs of the ninth	False
Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) got the final two outs of the ninth for the win . Phil Coke pitched the eighth	True
Phil Coke pitched the eighth and Phil Coke finished for the Yankees . Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) got the final two outs of the ninth	True
Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) got the final two outs of the ninth for the win . Phil Coke pitched the eighth	True
Phil Coke pitched the eighth and Phil Coke finished for the Yankees . Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) got the final two outs of the ninth	True
Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) got the final two outs of the ninth for the win . Phil Coke pitched the eighth	True
He struck out four and walked three . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Nick Markakis ' first - pitch homer . The Orioles loaded the bases with two outs in the second	True
David Weathers ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth	True
David Weathers ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth	True
Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 23 chances . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Gallardo allowed seven hits and three runs with four walks and seven strikeouts in six innings . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Dodgers have lost four of five . The Dodgers ' only run came on Russell Martin 's groundout in the third	True
The Dodgers have lost four of five . The Dodgers ' only run came on Russell Martin 's groundout in the third and Russell Martin 's RBI groundout in the third	True
Utley hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Ricky Nolasco to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . Utley 's two - run homer in the first	True
Utley 's two - run homer in the first off Ricky Nolasco gave the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . Utley 's two - run homer in the first	False
Utley 's two - run homer in the first off Ricky Nolasco gave the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . Utley 's two - run homer in the first	False
Utley 's two - run homer in the first off Ricky Nolasco gave the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . Ryan Howard led off the game with a single , stole second	False
Ryan Howard led off the game with a single , stole second and scored on Utley 's two - out double . The Phillies took a 4 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.30 ERA in his last seven starts . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked one . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Anderson 's two - out , two - run double . The Rockies had runners on first	False
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Anderson 's two - out , two - run double . The Rockies had runners on first and second	False
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Anderson 's two - out , two - run double . The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the fourth	True
The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the fourth , but Lowe escaped the jam by getting Clint Barmes to ground into a double play . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the fourth , but Lowe escaped the jam by getting Clint Barmes to ground into a double play . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Matt Diaz walked , stole second	False
Pineiro , who has won his last three starts , struck out five and walked none . He retired the side in order in the first	True
Pineiro , who has won his last three starts , struck out five and walked none . He retired the side in order in the first and third innings , and did n't allow another hit until Prince Fielder 's one - out single in the fifth	True
Pineiro struck out five and walked none in his second complete game of the season . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Prince Fielder doubled and scored on Mike Cameron 's single . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	False
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Prince Fielder doubled and scored on Mike Cameron 's single . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	False
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Prince Fielder doubled and scored on Mike Cameron 's single . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	False
Ben Zobrist hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , Ben Zobrist hit a three - run homer and the Rays beat the Toronto Blue Jays 10 - 9 on Tuesday night . Zobrist hit a three - run homer off Brian Tallet in the fourth inning and drove in a run with a single in the sixth	True
Zobrist hit a three - run homer off Brian Tallet in the fourth inning and drove in a run with a single in the sixth . J. P. Howell ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
J. P. Howell ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Jason Frasor ( 5 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a one - out single to Carl Crawford to start the ninth	True
Zobrist hit a three - run homer off Brian Tallet that put the Rays ahead 8 - 5. J. P. Howell ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Scott Rolen 's RBI single and a two - run single by Marco Scutaro . The Blue Jays tied it at 5 in the fourth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a solo homer by Wells and a solo shot by Wells . The Blue Jays tied it at 5 in the second	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts , but he 's 0 - 5 in his last seven starts . The Yankees scored in the first	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts , but he 's 0 - 5 in his last seven starts . The Yankees scored in the first when Nick Swisher walked , stole second	False
The Yankees scored in the first when Nick Swisher walked , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Nick Swisher . The Yankees made it 3 - 0 in the second	True
He walked one and struck out one . Mike Gonzalez ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and one hit in one - third	True
Mike Gonzalez ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and one hit in one - third of an inning . Gonzalez ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up a leadoff single to pinch - hitter Ronnie Belliard to start the eighth	True
Peter Moylan came on to face Dunn , who hit a 1 - 0 pitch into the right - field seats for his fourth homer of the season . Dunn 's homer was the first	False
Peter Moylan came on to face Dunn , who hit a 1 - 0 pitch into the right - field seats for his fourth homer of the season . Dunn 's homer was the first of his career , and he also had a two - run single in the eighth	True
Dunn 's homer was the first of his career , and he also had a two - run single in the eighth . Mike Gonzalez ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and one hit in one - third	True
Mike Gonzalez ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and one hit in one - third of an inning . Mike Gonzalez ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and one hit in one - third	False
Mike Gonzalez ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and one hit in one - third of an inning . Mike Gonzalez ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and one hit in one - third	False
Mike Gonzalez ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and one hit in one - third of an inning . Mike MacDougal pitched the ninth	True
Dunn hit a 2 - 2 pitch over the wall in right - center to make it 3 - 1 . Dunn hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- The Texas Rangers have been waiting for David Price to find a way to beat the Tampa Bay Rays . Andruw Jones hit a three - run homer , Taylor Teagarden had a tiebreaking RBI double in the sixth	True
He walked three and struck out four . The White Sox scored three runs in the fifth	True
Alexei Ramirez led off with a double and scored on Dewayne Wise 's two - out single . Dye hit a 2 - 0 pitch over the wall in right - center to give the White Sox a 3 - 0 lead in the third	True
Dye hit a 2 - 0 pitch over the wall in right - center to give the White Sox a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Dye hit a two - out , two - run homer in the third	True
Dye hit a two - out , two - run homer in the third to give the White Sox a 3 - 0 lead . Dye hit a two - run shot in the third	True
He walked six and struck out three . The Phillies jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the first	True
The Phillies jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the first on Jayson Werth 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies got a run back in the fifth	True
The Phillies got a run back in the fifth when Nick Evans led off with a double and scored on Jayson Werth 's sacrifice fly . The Mets cut it to 3 - 1 in the fifth	False
The Mets cut it to 3 - 1 in the fifth on Nick Evans 's two - out single and a run - scoring single by Nick Evans . The Mets got a run back in the fifth	True
The Mets got a run back in the fifth on Jayson Werth 's sacrifice fly and Jayson Werth 's sacrifice fly . The Mets cut it to 3 - 1 in the fifth	True
The Mets cut it to 3 - 1 in the fifth on Nick Evans 's two - out double and a run - scoring single by Rollins . The Mets cut it to 3 - 1 in the fifth	False
The Mets cut it to 3 - 1 in the fifth on Nick Evans 's two - out double and a run - scoring single by Rollins . The Mets cut it to 3 - 1 in the fifth	False
CINCINNATI -- Johnny Cueto gave up a leadoff single to Felipe Lopez in the first inning , then walked Chad Tracy to load the bases with one out in the sixth	True
The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last seven starts . Francisco Cordero pitched a perfect ninth	True
Ross hit a solo home run in the seventh inning , and the Marlins rallied for a 5 - 3 win over the Nationals . Ross Gload led off the eighth	True
Ross hit a solo home run in the seventh inning , and the Marlins rallied for a 5 - 3 win over the Nationals . Ross Gload led off the eighth with a single off Julian Tavarez ( 3 - 6 ) and advanced to third	False
Ramirez followed with a run - scoring fielder 's choice . Dan Meyer ( 2 - 0 ) got two outs for the win , and Leo Nunez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Dan Meyer ( 2 - 0 ) got two outs for the win , and Leo Nunez pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in five chances . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Josh Willingham . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Emilio Bonifacio led off with a single , stole second	False
Emilio Bonifacio led off with a single , stole second and scored on a two - out double by Ramirez . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Emilio Bonifacio led off with a single , stole second	False
Emilio Bonifacio led off with a single , stole second and scored on a two - out double by Ramirez . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Emilio Bonifacio led off with a double , moved to third	False
Emilio Bonifacio led off with a double , moved to third on a groundout and scored on a two - out double by Ramirez . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
Emilio Bonifacio led off with a double and scored on a two - out double by Ramirez . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
MILWAUKEE -- Trevor Hoffman got the final out in the Milwaukee Brewers ' 4 - 1 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Hoffman pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Jeff Suppan ( 6 - 8 ) gave up one run and eight hits in six innings for the Brewers . Trevor Hoffman pitched the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked two . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a solo homer by McGehee . The Pirates tied it in the third	True
The Pirates tied it in the third on a two - out homer by Garrett Jones . The Pirates tied it in the third	False
The Pirates tied it in the third on a two - out homer by Garrett Jones . The Pirates tied it in the third on a two - out homer by Jones , his 14th	False
The Pirates tied it in the third on a two - out homer by Jones , his 14th of the season . The Pirates tied it in the third	False
The Pirates tied it in the third on a two - out homer by Jones , his 21st of the season . The Pirates tied it in the third	False
The Pirates tied it in the third on Jones ' two - out solo homer to right . The Pirates tied it in the third	False
The Pirates tied it in the third on Jones ' two - out solo homer to right . The Pirates tied it in the third on a two - out homer by Jones , his 14th	False
Renteria hit a go - ahead grand slam off Rafael Betancourt in the seventh inning , and the Giants beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Renteria hit a go - ahead grand slam off Rafael Betancourt ( 1 - 3 ) in the seventh	True
Renteria hit a go - ahead grand slam off Rafael Betancourt ( 1 - 3 ) in the seventh to give the Giants a 6 - 5 lead . Brandon Medders ( 3 - 1 ) got the win with two outs in the seventh	True
Cleveland went up 1 - 0 in the first inning when Luis Valbuena doubled and scored on a two - out single by Jhonny Peralta . In the second	True
He struck out three and walked one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox tied it in the bottom half on Alex Gonzalez 's first homer of the season . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the second	True
The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the second on a solo homer by Alex Gonzalez . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the second	False
Latos ( 5 - 0 ) earned the win with 1 1/3 innings of two - hit ball , striking out four and walking none . Edward Mujica pitched the 12th	True
Joe Thatcher ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Edward Mujica pitched the 12th	True
Joe Thatcher ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Edward Mujica pitched the 12th	True
Adam LaRoche drove in Gorecki with a single off Bell to tie the game at 1 - 1 . Adam LaRoche drove in Atlanta 's first run with a single in the ninth	True
McCann hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs , Matt Diaz had a career - high four hits and the Braves beat the Florida Marlins 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . McCann had a three - run homer in the first inning and a two - run single in the eighth	True
McCann had a three - run homer in the first inning and a two - run single in the eighth off Kiko Calero ( 2 - 2 ) to give the Braves a 7 - 5 lead . Peter Moylan ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Peter Moylan ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth	True
Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 21 chances . The Braves trailed 5 - 4 in the seventh	True
The Braves trailed 5 - 4 in the seventh when Jeremy Hermida led off with a double off Kiko Calero ( 2 - 2 ) and scored on a sacrifice fly by Reid Gorecki . Peter Moylan ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Peter Moylan ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth	True
Florida starter Ricky Nolasco gave up nine hits and four runs in 4 1/3 innings . The Marlins took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth	True
The Marlins took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth on Cody Ross ' run - scoring double and Ronny Paulino 's three - run double . The Marlins took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth	False
He struck out six , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Cuddyer hit a solo home run in the second inning and a two - run double in the third	True
He struck out six and walked three . The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Olivo 's two - run double and Mark Teahen 's run - scoring single . The Royals added a run in the sixth	True
The Royals added a run in the sixth on an RBI single by Mark Teahen and a run - scoring single by Mark Teahen . The Royals scored twice in the seventh	True
Roberts hit two home runs and drove in three runs , Jeremy Guthrie pitched seven strong innings and the Orioles beat the White Sox 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Roberts hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Roberts hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and a two - run shot in the eighth , giving the Orioles a 3 - 1 lead . It was Roberts ' second multihomer game of the season and second	False
It was Roberts ' second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his first multihomer game of the season and the first	False
Dempster ( 6 - 7 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in seven innings , struck out 10 and walked three . He had two hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Dempster ( 6 - 7 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in seven innings , struck out 10 and walked three . He had two hits , including an RBI single in the first	True
Dempster ( 6 - 7 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in seven innings , struck out 10 and walked three . He had two hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last seven starts . The Padres took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Padres took a 3 - 1 lead in the third . Will Venable led off with a single , stole second	False
The Padres took a 3 - 1 lead in the third . Will Venable led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
Dempster gave up four runs and eight hits in seven innings , struck out 10 and walked three . The Cubs took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Cubs took a 3 - 1 lead in the third . Will Venable led off with a single , stole second	False
The Cubs took a 3 - 1 lead in the third . Will Venable led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
Dustin Nippert ( 4 - 1 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings for the Rangers . Frank Francisco pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Brian Fuentes pitched a perfect ninth	True
Chone Figgins had three hits and scored a run for the Angels , who have won four of five . Brian Fuentes pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Angels this season . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a bases - loaded walk to Vladimir Guerrero . The Angels made it 5 - 0 in the third	True
MILWAUKEE -- Ryan Braun hit two home runs and Yovani Gallardo pitched six strong innings to lead the Milwaukee Brewers to an 11 - 2 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Braun hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the second	True
MILWAUKEE -- Ryan Braun hit two home runs and Yovani Gallardo pitched six strong innings to lead the Milwaukee Brewers to an 11 - 2 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Braun hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second	True
Braun hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second . He also hit a solo shot in the second	True
Braun hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second . He also hit a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second	True
Braun hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second . He also hit a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second	False
He also hit a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second . Braun hit a solo shot in the second	False
He also hit a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second . Braun hit a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second	False
Braun hit a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second . He also hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
Braun hit a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second . He also hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth and added a sacrifice fly in the fourth	False
He also hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth and added a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Lopez had three hits , including a three - run homer in the first	True
He also hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth and added a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Lopez had three hits , including a three - run homer in the first , and added a sacrifice fly in the fourth	False
Lopez had three hits , including a three - run homer in the first , and added a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Braun hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Lopez had three hits , including a three - run homer in the first , and added a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Braun hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the second	True
Braun hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the second . He also hit a solo shot in the second	True
Braun hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the second . He also hit a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second	True
He also hit a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second . Braun hit a solo shot in the second	False
He also hit a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second . Braun hit a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second	False
Braun hit a solo shot in the second and a solo shot in the second . He added a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
He added a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Braun hit a solo home run in the second	True
He added a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Braun hit a solo home run in the second and a solo shot in the second	True
Braun hit a solo home run in the second and a solo shot in the second . He added a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
He added a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Braun hit a solo shot in the second	True
He added a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Braun hit a solo shot in the second and a sacrifice fly in the fourth	False
Braun hit a solo shot in the second and a sacrifice fly in the fourth . He also hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
He also hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Lopez had three hits , including a three - run homer in the first	True
He also hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Lopez had three hits , including a three - run homer in the first , and added a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
Lopez had three hits , including a three - run homer in the first , and added a sacrifice fly in the fourth . He also hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
He also hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Braun hit a solo shot in the second	True
He also hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth . Braun hit a solo shot in the second and a sacrifice fly in the fourth	False
Verlander ( 13 - 6 ) allowed four hits , struck out eight and walked one in eight innings . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out three and walked three . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Miguel Cabrera led off with a double and scored on Raburn 's two - out single . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Miguel Cabrera led off with a double and scored on Raburn 's two - out single . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
Buchholz was coming off his worst start of the season in which he allowed five runs in 3 1/3 innings of a 7 - 4 loss at Detroit . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Jeter was hit by a pitch from Shawn Camp ( 1 - 6 ) with one out in the 11th inning , and the New York Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jeter was hit by a pitch from Shawn Camp ( 1 - 6 ) to start the 11th	True
Chad Gaudin ( 5 - 10 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . David Robertson struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jorge Posada 's RBI groundout . The Blue Jays tied it in the sixth	True
He walked four and struck out one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He walked four and struck out one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan singled , stole second	False
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan singled , stole second and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan singled , stole second and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan singled , stole second	False
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan singled , stole second and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan singled , stole second , moved to third	False
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan singled , stole second , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan singled , stole second , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan singled , stole second	False
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan singled , stole second , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan singled , stole second , moved to third	False
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan singled , stole second , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . The Nationals took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	True
Miguel Cabrera and Marcus Thames also homered for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Brandon Lyon ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Brandon Lyon ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
He was replaced by Scott Baker , who gave up six runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Alexi Casilla . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Alexi Casilla . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Alexi Casilla . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Alexi Casilla . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Alexi Casilla . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Alexi Casilla . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
He struck out four and walked five . The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Kevin Gregg pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked five . The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth on Ian Stewart 's RBI single and Omar Quintanilla 's two - out , two - run single . The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth	False
He has won four of his last five starts . Leo Nunez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Blanton ( 7 - 6 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out four and walking one . Ben Francisco hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI double by Dan Uggla . Johnson led off the second	True
He struck out four and walked one . Johnson led off the second	True
Johnson led off the second with a homer to right to make it 3 - 0 . Johnson connected in the second	True
Johnson connected in the second to make it 3 - 0 . Johnson connected in the second	True
Yuniesky Betancourt 's RBI double in the first scored Brayan Pena , who led off the inning with a single . Butler added a run - scoring double in the fifth	True
Longoria hit a two - run homer with two outs in the 13th inning to lift the Rays to a 4 - 2 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Longoria hit a 1 - 0 pitch from Takashi Saito ( 2 - 3 ) over the left - field wall to tie the game 2 - 2 in the eighth	True
Longoria hit a 1 - 0 pitch from Takashi Saito ( 2 - 3 ) over the left - field wall to tie the game 2 - 2 in the eighth . It was Longoria 's second multihomer game of the season and second	False
The Red Sox have lost five of six . Longoria hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Jon Lester allowed one run and three hits in six innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead on Dustin Pedroia 's second - inning homer , but the Red Sox did n't get another hit until Dustin Pedroia 's leadoff homer in the sixth	True
Reynolds hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the second inning , giving Arizona a 6 - 0 lead in the second inning . Reynolds hit a two - run shot in the second inning and a two - run shot in the second	True
It was Reynolds ' first multihomer game of the season and his first since July 8 , 2011 , against the Chicago White Sox . Reynolds connected again in the second	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . C. J. Wilson worked the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out four . The Mariners took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
Murphy 's solo homer in the first gave the Rangers a 1 - 0 lead . The Rangers tied it in the sixth	True
PITTSBURGH -- Andrew McCutchen hit three home runs and drove in six runs to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to an 11 - 6 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . McCutchen hit a solo homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the fourth	True
PITTSBURGH -- Andrew McCutchen hit three home runs and drove in six runs to lead the Pittsburgh Pirates to an 11 - 6 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . McCutchen hit a solo homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the fourth , and McCutchen added a three - run shot in the fourth	True
McCutchen hit a solo homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the fourth , and McCutchen added a three - run shot in the fourth off Craig Stammen ( 3 - 6 ) to give the Pirates an 11 - 4 lead . McCutchen hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning off Craig Stammen ( 3 - 6 ) and added a three - run shot in the fourth	True
McCutchen has homered in three straight games for the first time this season . He also had a two - run double in the third inning and a three - run homer in the fourth	True
McCutchen had a career - high six hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth inning off Craig Stammen ( 3 - 6 ) . McCutchen had a career - high six hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth	True
He walked two and struck out two . The Nationals scored twice in the first	True
He walked two and struck out two . The Nationals scored twice in the first on RBI doubles by Cristian Guzman and Josh Bard , and Josh Bard 's RBI double to cut the lead to 7 - 3 in the fifth	True
The Nationals scored twice in the first on RBI doubles by Cristian Guzman and Josh Bard , and Josh Bard 's RBI double to cut the lead to 7 - 3 in the fifth . The Pirates added a run in the sixth	False
He struck out eight and walked one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a single by Seth Smith . The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a single by Seth Smith . The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Jason Kendall 's RBI double and Jason Kendall 's run - scoring double in the second	True
The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Jason Kendall 's RBI double and Jason Kendall 's run - scoring double in the second . The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	False
The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Jason Kendall 's RBI double and Jason Kendall 's run - scoring double in the second . The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Jason Kendall 's RBI double and Jason Kendall 's run - scoring double in the second	False
The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Jason Kendall 's RBI double and Jason Kendall 's run - scoring double in the second . The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	False
The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Jason Kendall 's RBI double and Jason Kendall 's run - scoring double in the second . The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Jason Kendall 's RBI double and Jason Kendall 's run - scoring double in the second	False
The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Jason Kendall 's RBI double and Jason Kendall 's run - scoring double in the second . The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	False
The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Kendall and a run - scoring double by Kendall . The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	False
He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Ross Gload hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Ross Gload hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give Florida a 5 - 0 lead . Ross Gload hit a two - run homer in the fifth	False
Ross Gload hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Marlins a 5 - 0 lead . Ross Gload hit a two - run homer in the fifth	False
Ross Gload hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give Florida a 5 - 0 lead . Ross Gload hit a two - run homer in the fifth	False
He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Ross Gload hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
He struck out eight and walked two . Phil Hughes struck out two in a perfect eighth	True
He struck out eight and walked two . Phil Hughes struck out two in a perfect eighth	True
Jay Bruce hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Laynce Nix added a two - run shot and the Reds beat the Houston Astros 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the second inning , a two - run double in the fifth	True
Jay Bruce hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Laynce Nix added a two - run shot and the Reds beat the Houston Astros 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the second inning , a two - run double in the fifth and a two - run double in the fifth	True
Bruce hit a two - run homer in the second inning , a two - run double in the fifth and a two - run double in the fifth that made it 8 - 2 . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Bruce added a two - run shot in the ninth	True
Miguel Tejada had four hits and drove in two runs for the Astros , who have lost three of four . Miguel Tejada had a career - high four hits for the Astros , including a solo homer in the second	True
Miguel Tejada had a career - high four hits for the Astros , including a solo homer in the second . The Reds cut the lead to 5 - 2 in the third	True
He struck out six and walked one . Kerry Wood pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out six and walked one . Kerry Wood pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Norfolk on Aug. 1 . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Jackson ( 13 - 7 ) gave up seven hits , walked three and struck out two . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . Francisco Rodriguez struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out three and walked one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Adam Dunn . The Nationals tied it in the seventh	True
The Nationals tied it in the seventh . Cristian Guzman led off with a single , moved to third	False
Cristian Guzman led off with a single , moved to third on Ryan Zimmerman 's single and scored on Adam Dunn 's single . The Nationals tied it in the seventh	True
The Nationals tied it in the seventh . Cristian Guzman led off with a single , moved to third	False
Arizona has lost four of five . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth inning for his 34th save , leading the Brewers to a 3 - 2 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Brewers have lost four of five . David Weathers ( 4 - 5 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
The Brewers have lost four of five . David Weathers ( 4 - 5 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win , and Trevor Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth	False
Lance Berkman homered for the Astros , who have lost four of five . David Weathers ( 4 - 5 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
David Weathers ( 4 - 5 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Trevor Byrdak , the fourth Astros reliever , struck out the only two batters he faced in the eighth	True
Trevor Byrdak , the fourth Astros reliever , struck out the only two batters he faced in the eighth . David Weathers ( 4 - 5 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
David Weathers ( 4 - 5 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Trevor Byrdak got the final out in the eighth	True
David Weathers ( 4 - 5 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Trevor Byrdak got the final out in the eighth , and David Weathers ( 4 - 5 ) pitched a perfect eighth	False
He struck out eight and walked three . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Berkman 's second homer of the season . The Brewers tied it in the third	True
Milwaukee tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out RBI single by Corey Hart . The Astros tied it in the third	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 in his last five starts . Leo Nunez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Drew Stubbs and Drew Stubbs also homered for the Reds , who have won four of five . Daniel Herrera ( 4 - 4 ) pitched one - third	True
Daniel Herrera ( 4 - 4 ) pitched one - third of an inning for the win . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth	True
Freddy Garcia ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings for the White Sox . Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth	True
Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth for his 29th save in 31 chances . He struck out pinch - hitter Josh Wilson with runners on first	False
Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth for his 29th save in 31 chances . He struck out pinch - hitter Josh Wilson with runners on first and second	False
He struck out pinch - hitter Josh Wilson with runners on first and second to end the game . Jenks struck out pinch - hitter Josh Wilson with runners on first	False
He struck out pinch - hitter Josh Wilson with runners on first and second to end the game . Jenks struck out pinch - hitter Josh Wilson with runners on first and second	False
Freddy Garcia ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings for the White Sox . Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth	True
Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth for his 29th save in 31 chances . He struck out pinch - hitter Josh Wilson with runners on first	False
Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth for his 29th save in 31 chances . He struck out pinch - hitter Josh Wilson with runners on first and second	False
The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four career starts against the Astros . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth	True
Yasuhiko Yabuta ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with 2 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . Joakim Soria struck out the side in the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out four . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Aubrey Huff 's two - out RBI single . The Tigers took a 3 - 2 lead in the third	True
The Tigers took a 3 - 2 lead in the third on Aubrey Huff 's two - out , two - run single . The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the third	False
The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the third on Aubrey Huff 's two - run single . The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the third	False
The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the third on Aubrey Huff 's two - run single . The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the third	False
The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the third on Aubrey Huff 's two - run single . The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the third	False
The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the third on Aubrey Huff 's two - run single . The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the third	False
He struck out seven and walked three . Franklin Morales pitched the ninth	True
Nick Swisher homered from both sides of the plate for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Mariano Rivera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Mariano Rivera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Mariano Rivera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	False
Mariano Rivera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Mariano Rivera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	False
David Price allowed two runs and three hits in six innings , striking out six and walking two . Evan Longoria hit a solo homer off Phil Hughes in the eighth	True
The right - hander had been 0 - 3 in five starts since beating the New York Yankees on June 3 . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a double and scored on Kevin Youkilis ' single . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a double and scored on Kevin Youkilis ' single . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a double and scored on Kevin Youkilis ' single . The White Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth	True
The White Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth , but Buehrle escaped the jam by getting Mike Lowell to ground into a double play . The Red Sox had runners on first	False
The White Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth , but Buehrle escaped the jam by getting Mike Lowell to ground into a double play . The Red Sox had runners on first and second	False
The White Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth , but Buehrle escaped the jam by getting Mike Lowell to ground into a double play . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the fourth	True
He walked five and struck out three . David Robertson worked the seventh	True
Frank Catalanotto had three hits for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Casey McGehee hit a two - out RBI single in the first	True
Casey McGehee hit a two - out RBI single in the first for Milwaukee , which has lost four of five . Casey McGehee hit a two - out RBI single in the first	False
Ronald Belisario ( 3 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of one - hit relief and Jonathan Broxton got three outs for his 30th save in 30 chances . The Dodgers have won six of their last seven games , and Jonathan Broxton pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Ronald Belisario ( 3 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of one - hit relief and Jonathan Broxton got three outs for his 30th save in 30 chances . The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	True
Ronald Belisario ( 3 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 7.71 ERA in his previous five starts . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - out RBI single by Andre Ethier . The Dodgers tied it in the sixth	True
The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 7.71 ERA in his previous five starts . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Andre Ethier . The Dodgers tied it in the sixth	True
Posada hit a pair of two - run homers , Nick Swisher added a two - run shot and the Yankees beat the Baltimore Orioles 9 - 6 on Tuesday night . Posada hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run drive in the fifth	True
Posada hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run drive in the fifth , giving the Yankees a 5 - 3 lead . It was Posada 's second multihomer game of the season and second	False
Mariano Rivera got three outs for his 38th save in 43 opportunities . Robinson Cano hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Eric Hinske added a solo shot in the seventh	True
Mariano Rivera got three outs for his 38th save in 43 chances . The Yankees trailed 6 - 5 before rallying in the sixth	True
The Yankees tied it in the bottom half when Markakis hit a one - out double and scored on a two - out single by Mora . In the bottom half , Cano hit a two - run drive to right , and Cano added a solo shot in the third	True
Rodriguez hit a tying , two - run homer in the ninth inning off Joe Nathan , and the Yankees rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Mark Teixeira hit a tying , two - run homer off Joe Nathan in the ninth	True
Rodriguez hit a tying , two - run homer in the ninth inning off Joe Nathan , and the Yankees rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Mark Teixeira hit a tying , two - run homer off Joe Nathan in the ninth , and Rodriguez hit a tying two - run shot off Joe Nathan in the ninth	True
Mark Teixeira hit a tying , two - run homer off Joe Nathan in the ninth , and Rodriguez hit a tying two - run shot off Joe Nathan in the ninth to give the Yankees a 3 - 1 lead . Mark Teixeira led off the 11th	True
It was the first game - ending hit of Rodriguez 's career , and the first game - ending homer of his big league career . Rodriguez hit a tying , two - run homer in the ninth	True
David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Mariano Rivera gave up a two - out RBI single to Nick Punto in the eighth	True
David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Mariano Rivera struck out Jason Kubel with runners on first	False
David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Mariano Rivera struck out Jason Kubel with runners on first and second	False
David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Mariano Rivera struck out Jason Kubel with runners on first and second to end the eighth	True
Mariano Rivera struck out Jason Kubel with runners on first and second to end the eighth , and David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Mariano Rivera gave up an RBI single to Denard Span with two outs in the eighth	True
David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Mariano Rivera gave up an RBI single to Denard Span with two outs in the eighth	True
He struck out six and walked one . David Aardsma pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI single by Jose Lopez . The Rangers tied it in the fifth	True
Shane Victorino 's pinch - hit RBI single with two outs in the 10th inning lifted the Phillies to a 7 - 6 victory over the Florida Marlins on Tuesday night . Miguel Cairo led off the bottom of the 10th	True
Shane Victorino 's pinch - hit RBI single with two outs in the 10th inning lifted the Phillies to a 7 - 6 victory over the Florida Marlins on Tuesday night . Miguel Cairo led off the bottom of the 10th with a single off Dan Meyer ( 3 - 2 ) and advanced to third	False
Victorino followed with an RBI single to make it 7 - 6 . Chad Durbin ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Chris Coghlan 's RBI double and a run - scoring double by Ronny Paulino . The Phillies tied it in the fourth	True
The Phillies tied it in the fourth on Ben Francisco 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Ben Francisco . The Phillies tied it in the fourth	False
The Phillies tied it in the fourth on Ben Francisco 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Ben Francisco . The Phillies tied it in the fourth	False
The Phillies tied it in the fourth on Ben Francisco 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Ben Francisco . The Phillies tied it in the fourth	False
Mike Jacobs and Mike Jacobs also homered for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Alex Gordon hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Alex Gordon hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Alex Gordon hit a two - run homer in the eighth	False
Alex Gordon hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Alex Gordon hit a two - run homer in the eighth	False
Alex Gordon hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked five and struck out two . Rolen hit a solo homer off Anthony Claggett in the eighth	True
He struck out four and walked one . David Aardsma gave up a solo homer to Jack Cust in the ninth	True
It was the first time the A 's have been held to four runs or fewer in a game since July 26 , 2011 , when they were 7 - 2 . Oakland 's Jack Cust hit his 16th homer in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Billy Wagner pitched a hitless ninth	True
The Astros took two of three from the Astros , who have lost six of seven . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Martin Prado led off with a single , moved to second	False
Heyward 's two - run homer in the third gave the Braves a 4 - 2 lead . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Martin Prado led off with a single , moved to second	False
Heyward 's two - run homer in the third gave the Braves a 4 - 2 lead . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Martin Prado led off with a single , Troy Glaus walked and Heyward hit his second homer of the season into the right - field seats . The Braves tied it in the second	True
The Braves tied it in the second . Geoff Blum led off with a single , moved to third	False
Young had a three - run homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the first inning off Kris Benson , who gave up seven runs -- seven earned -- and four hits in two - plus innings . The Diamondbacks scored six runs in the third	True
Bob Howry ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Juan Gutierrez pitched the 10th	True
Bob Howry ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Juan Gutierrez pitched the 10th	True
Colorado starter Kris Benson allowed seven runs -- four earned -- and four hits in two - plus innings . Juan Gutierrez pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Colby Rasmus and Colby Rasmus also homered for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Dennys Reyes ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Dennys Reyes ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Ryan Franklin allowed two hits in the ninth	True
Ryan Franklin allowed two hits in the ninth before finishing for his seventh save in seven chances . Takashi Saito ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up a leadoff double to Ryan Ludwick in the eighth	True
Yadier Molina followed with an RBI double to tie it at 3 . Dennys Reyes ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Yadier Molina followed with an RBI double to tie it at 3 . Dennys Reyes ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth , and Ryan Franklin worked the ninth	False
Dennys Reyes ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth , and Ryan Franklin worked the ninth for his seventh save in seven chances . Dennys Reyes ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	False
Dennys Reyes ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Ryan Franklin worked the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Braves scored three runs in the third	True
Melky Cabrera led off with a double and scored on Brian McCann 's sacrifice fly . Brian McCann 's sacrifice fly and Nate McLouth 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 in the fourth	True
He walked three and struck out two . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Alberto Callaspo led off with a single and scored on Guillen 's sacrifice fly . The Twins took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Twins took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on J. J. Hardy 's RBI single . The Royals tied it in the fourth	True
The Royals tied it in the fourth when Alberto Callaspo led off with a double and scored on Guillen 's sacrifice fly . The Royals tied it in the fourth	False
The Royals tied it in the fourth when Alberto Callaspo led off with a double and scored on Guillen 's sacrifice fly . The Royals tied it in the fourth on Mitch Maier 's two - out single , and Guillen 's homer in the fifth	False
Ortiz hit a solo homer in the second inning and the Red Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Ortiz hit a solo homer in the second inning and a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Ortiz hit a solo homer in the second inning and a sacrifice fly in the third to give Boston a 2 - 0 lead . Manny Delcarmen ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Manny Delcarmen ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Adam Jones hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Adam Jones hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Manny Delcarmen ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Manny Delcarmen ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on J. D. Drew 's sacrifice fly and Adrian Beltre 's run - scoring double - play grounder . Boston made it 3 - 0 in the fifth	True
Boston made it 3 - 0 in the fifth when J. D. Drew led off with a double and scored on J. D. Drew 's sacrifice fly . Manny Delcarmen ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Manny Delcarmen ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on J. D. Drew 's sacrifice fly and Adrian Beltre 's RBI double . Boston made it 3 - 0 in the fifth	True
Boston made it 3 - 0 in the fifth when Jeremy Hermida led off with a double and scored on J. D. Drew 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
He walked two and struck out three . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He walked two and struck out three . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Justin Maxwell walked , stole second	False
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Justin Maxwell walked , stole second and scored on Adam Kennedy 's single . The Nationals tied it in the fourth	True
James Loney led off with a double and scored on A. J. Ellis ' groundout . The Nationals tied it in the fourth	True
James Loney led off with a double and scored on A. J. Ellis ' groundout . The Dodgers tied it in the fourth	True
Braun hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs , Randy Wolf pitched six scoreless innings and the Milwaukee Brewers routed the Pittsburgh Pirates 20 - 0 on Tuesday night . Braun had four hits , including a three - run homer in the third	True
Braun hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs , Randy Wolf pitched six scoreless innings and the Milwaukee Brewers routed the Pittsburgh Pirates 20 - 0 on Tuesday night . Braun had four hits , including a three - run homer in the third and a three - run shot in the seventh	True
Braun had four hits , including a three - run homer in the third and a three - run shot in the seventh . He also had a two - run single in the fourth	True
Braun had four hits , including a three - run homer in the third and a three - run shot in the seventh . He also had a two - run single in the fourth and a three - run homer in the seventh	False
He also had a two - run single in the fourth and a three - run homer in the seventh off D. J. Carrasco , who gave up six runs and eight hits over 3 2/3 innings in his first start since being recalled from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . McCutchen , who had three hits , had a two - run single in the fourth	True
He also had a two - run single in the fourth and a three - run homer in the seventh off D. J. Carrasco , who gave up six runs and eight hits over 3 2/3 innings in his first start since being recalled from Triple-A Indianapolis earlier in the day . McCutchen , who had three hits , had a two - run single in the fourth and a three - run homer in the seventh	False
McCutchen , who had three hits , had a two - run single in the fourth and a three - run homer in the seventh . Edmonds , who had three hits , added a three - run homer in the seventh	False
Edmonds , who had three hits , added a three - run homer in the seventh . Edmonds , who had three hits , added a three - run homer in the seventh	False
Edmonds , who had three hits , added a three - run homer in the seventh . Edmonds , who had three hits , added a three - run homer in the seventh	False
Edmonds , who had three hits , added a three - run homer in the seventh . Edmonds , who had three hits , drove in five runs , including a three - run homer in the seventh	True
He struck out six and walked four . The Nationals scored four runs in the third	True
Billy Wagner ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning to earn the win . Jason Heyward hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Jason Heyward hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Ryan Madson . Billy Wagner ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 10th	True
Kyle Kendrick pitched a career - high eight innings for the Phillies , allowing four hits and two walks while striking out two . The Phillies took a 3 - 0 lead in the seventh	True
The Phillies took a 3 - 0 lead in the seventh . Shane Victorino led off with a single , stole second	False
Ryan Howard followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . The Phillies took a 3 - 0 lead in the seventh	True
The Phillies took a 3 - 0 lead in the seventh . Placido Polanco led off with a single , stole second	False
The Phillies took a 3 - 0 lead in the seventh . Placido Polanco led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
Ryan Howard followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . The Phillies took a 3 - 0 lead in the seventh	True
The Phillies took a 3 - 0 lead in the seventh . Placido Polanco led off with a single , stole second	False
The Phillies took a 3 - 0 lead in the seventh . Placido Polanco led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
B. J. Upton hit a three - run homer and Jeff Niemann pitched seven strong innings to lead the Rays to an 8 - 2 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Upton hit a three - run homer in the third inning , then added a run - scoring triple in the fourth	True
He walked three and struck out four . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth	True
He struck out five and walked six . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Robinson Cano 's sacrifice fly . Posada led off the third	True
Mather , who had been 0 - for - 13 in the previous three games , was 0 - for - 5 with three strikeouts . The Cardinals had runners on first	False
Mather , who had been 0 - for - 13 in the previous three games , was 0 - for - 5 with three strikeouts . The Cardinals had runners on first and second	False
Mather , who had been 0 - for - 13 in the previous three games , was 0 - for - 5 with three strikeouts . The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the 13th	True
The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the 13th , but Mather grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Cardinals had runners on first	False
The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the 13th , but Mather grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Cardinals had runners on first and second	False
The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the 13th , but Mather grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the 13th	False
The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the 13th , but Mather grounded into a double play and Felipe Lopez flied out to end the inning . The Cardinals had runners on first	False
The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the 13th , but Mather grounded into a double play and Felipe Lopez flied out to end the inning . The Cardinals had runners on first and second	False
The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the 13th , but Mather grounded into a double play and Felipe Lopez flied out to end the inning . The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the 13th	False
He walked four and struck out one . The Phillies jumped on Anibal Sanchez ( 0 - 1 ) for three runs in the first	True
Ryan Howard hit an RBI single and Castro followed with a two - out RBI single to give the Phillies a 3 - 0 lead . Juan Castro hit a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Uggla led off with a double and scored on Brett Carroll 's two - out double to make it 8 - 3 . Uggla 's solo homer cut it to 5 - 1 in the fourth	True
The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last seven starts against the Orioles . Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth	True
Millwood ( 0 - 2 ) gave up nine hits and struck out nine in six innings . He struck out nine and did n't allow a hit until Kevin Kouzmanoff 's one - out single in the fourth	True
Zimmerman hit a pinch - hit , two - run homer in the eighth inning to lift the Washington Nationals to a 7 - 5 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Zimmerman 's pinch - hit , two - run homer off Danys Baez ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Nationals a 5 - 4 lead in the eighth	True
Tyler Clippard ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Matt Capps allowed Chase Utley 's leadoff homer in the ninth	True
Tyler Clippard ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings to earn the win . Matt Capps gave up a leadoff homer to Chase Utley in the ninth	True
Tyler Clippard ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings to earn the win . Matt Capps gave up a leadoff homer to Chase Utley in the ninth	True
The right - hander had a career - high seven walks and five strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth	True
Nick Masset ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth	True
Pablo Sandoval hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning , Tim Lincecum struck out 10 and the Giants beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Pablo Sandoval hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and Pablo Sandoval added a two - run shot in the eighth	True
He walked five and struck out one . Travis Hafner had two hits , including an RBI single in the sixth	True
He walked five and struck out one . The Indians scored in the fourth	True
He struck out two and walked one . The Marlins scored an unearned run in the sixth	True
The Marlins scored an unearned run in the sixth when Cody Ross walked and scored on a single by Jorge Cantu . The Marlins went ahead 1 - 0 in the sixth	True
The Marlins went ahead 1 - 0 in the sixth when Cody Ross walked and scored on Jorge Cantu 's two - out single . The Marlins went ahead 1 - 0 in the sixth	False
The Marlins went ahead 1 - 0 in the sixth when Cody Ross walked and scored on Jorge Cantu 's two - out single . The Marlins went ahead 1 - 0 in the sixth	False
The Marlins went ahead 1 - 0 in the sixth when Cody Ross walked and scored on Jorge Cantu 's two - out single . The Marlins went ahead 1 - 0 in the sixth when Cody Ross walked , stole second	False
The Marlins went ahead 1 - 0 in the sixth when Cody Ross walked and scored on Jorge Cantu 's two - out single . The Marlins went ahead 1 - 0 in the sixth when Cody Ross walked , stole second , took third	False
He struck out seven and walked four . The Dodgers scored in the first	True
The Dodgers scored in the first when Ryan Church led off with a double and scored on Delwyn Young 's two - out single . The Pirates added a run in the third	True
The Pirates added a run in the third when Ryan Church doubled and scored on Delwyn Young 's sacrifice fly . The Pirates added a run in the sixth	True
The Pirates added a run in the sixth when Ryan Church doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jeff Clement . The Dodgers added two more runs in the ninth	True
Cabrera had four hits , including a three - run homer in the eighth inning , and Magglio Ordonez had three hits , including his first homer of the season . Eddie Bonine ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
Magglio Ordonez had three hits , including a solo homer , and Magglio Ordonez had three hits for the Tigers . Eddie Bonine ( 1 - 0 ) picked up the win with one inning of relief , and Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Royals scored twice in the first inning on Billy Butler 's RBI single and Jose Guillen 's run - scoring single . Ordonez led off the sixth	True
Ordonez led off the sixth with a double and scored on Austin Jackson 's single . Ordonez led off the sixth	True
Ordonez led off the sixth with a double and scored on Austin Jackson 's single . Cabrera added an RBI single in the ninth	False
Mendoza ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs , four hits and a walk in 1 2/3 innings . The Royals scored in the first	True
Ordonez led off with a double and scored on Austin Jackson 's single . Ordonez led off the sixth	True
Ordonez led off the sixth with a double and scored on Austin Jackson 's single . Ordonez led off the sixth	True
Curtis Granderson hit a leadoff homer in the 10th inning off Jonathan Papelbon , and the Yankees beat the Boston Red Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Papelbon ( 0 - 1 ) walked Mark Teixeira to load the bases with one out in the 10th	True
Mark Teixeira followed with an RBI groundout . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect 10th	True
The Red Sox were swept in a three - game series at Fenway Park for the first time since they were swept in a three - game series at Yankee Stadium last week . New York took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
New York took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Dustin Pedroia doubled and scored on David Ortiz 's two - out single . The Yankees tied it in the seventh	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Reds scored four runs in the fourth	True
Ramirez hit a solo homer , Matt Kemp had three hits and the Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 4 - 4 on Tuesday night to snap a four - game skid . Ramirez 's homer in the second inning gave the Dodgers a 4 - 0 lead , and Justin Upton added a solo homer in the second	True
Ramirez 's homer in the second inning gave the Dodgers a 4 - 0 lead , and Justin Upton added a solo homer in the second for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Jonathan Broxton ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
He walked four and struck out four . Tampa Bay went ahead 1 - 0 on Evan Longoria 's RBI single in the third	True
He struck out five and walked one . Willingham hit a three - run homer in the fourth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Padres scored in the fourth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Padres scored in the fourth	True
The Padres scored in the fourth on Adrian Gonzalez 's RBI single . San Diego cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the seventh	True
San Diego cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the seventh on an RBI single by Adrian Gonzalez and a run - scoring single by Adrian Gonzalez . The Padres had runners on first	False
San Diego cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the seventh on an RBI single by Adrian Gonzalez and a run - scoring single by Adrian Gonzalez . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
San Diego cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the seventh on an RBI single by Adrian Gonzalez and a run - scoring single by Adrian Gonzalez . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
Burnett ( 5 - 2 ) gave up three hits and two walks while striking out five in five - plus innings . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth	True
Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his ninth save in nine chances . Jeter led off the sixth	True
It was his third homer of the season and first since July 8 . Mariano Rivera worked a hitless ninth	True
The Twins have lost four of five . Jeter led off the sixth	True
Jeter led off the sixth with a homer to right - center off Brian Duensing ( 2 - 1 ) . Jeter led off the sixth	True
Chacin ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , striking out five and walking two . He was lifted for a pinch hitter in the seventh	True
He was lifted for a pinch hitter in the seventh after allowing two runs and four hits . Manny Corpas pitched the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out two . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Tulowitzki followed with his eighth homer of the season to make it 3 - 0 . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second when Ian Stewart doubled and scored on a wild pitch by Kennedy . Hawpe homered in the third	True
Hawpe homered in the third to make it 3 - 0 . Hawpe hit a solo shot in the third	True
Hawpe hit a solo shot in the third to make it 3 - 0 . Hawpe homered in the third	True
Hawpe homered in the third to make it 3 - 0 . Hawpe homered in the third	True
Hawpe homered in the third to make it 3 - 0 . Hawpe homered in the third	True
Hawpe homered in the third to make it 3 - 0 . Hawpe hit a solo shot in the third	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 in five career starts against the Indians . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 7.16 ERA in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Columbus on April 28 . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Lou Marson walked and scored on a double by Trevor Crowe . Trevor Crowe 's RBI double and Choo 's two - run homer tied it at 4 in the fifth	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Rockies scored three times in the eighth	True
The Rockies scored three times in the eighth to make it 9 - 2 . Clint Barmes hit a two - run homer off Bannister in the eighth	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Royals tacked on three more runs in the seventh	True
Scott hit his first home run of the season , Corey Patterson also went deep and the Orioles beat the Kansas City Royals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Scott hit a solo homer in the fifth inning and a solo shot in the eighth	True
Alfredo Simon ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Bryan Bullington ( 0 - 1 ) gave up a run and two hits in one - third	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Chris Getz followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . Scott hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth	True
Scott hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth to make it 3 - 0 . Scott hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth	False
Scott hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth to make it 3 - 0 . Scott hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth	False
Scott hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth to make it 3 - 0 . Scott hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth	False
Scott hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth to make it 3 - 0 . Scott hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth	False
Scott hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth to make it 3 - 0 . Scott hit an RBI single in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked six . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Hart hit a 2 - 1 pitch deep into the right - field seats for his second homer of the season . The Brewers tied it in the sixth	True
He struck out five and walked six . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Hart hit a 2 - 1 pitch into the right - field seats for his second homer of the season . The Brewers tied it in the sixth	True
He struck out two and walked one . Leo Nunez gave up a run in the ninth	True
Oviedo gave up a run - scoring single to Jason Bay and a run - scoring single to Jason Bay before getting pinch - hitter Alex Cora to fly out to end Nunez 's eighth save in nine chances . Oviedo gave up a two - out RBI single to Jason Bay in the ninth	True
He struck out two and walked one . Leo Nunez gave up a run in the ninth	True
He gave up a run - scoring single to Jason Bay and a run - scoring single to Jason Bay before retiring pinch - hitter Alex Cora on a fly to center . Nunez gave up a run - scoring single to Jason Bay in the ninth	True
New York 's Luis Castillo had two hits and drove in two runs for the Mets , who have lost four of five . New York went ahead 3 - 0 in the first	True
New York went ahead 3 - 0 in the first on a bases - loaded walk by Dan Uggla and a two - run single by Maybin . The Mets went ahead 3 - 0 in the first	False
The Mets went ahead 3 - 0 in the first on a bases - loaded walk and Maybin 's two - run single . The Mets tied it in the third	True
Garcia ( 4 - 2 ) gave up five hits and two runs with one walk and six strikeouts in 6 1/3 innings . Ryan Franklin gave up Drew Stubbs ' run - scoring fielder 's choice in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Florida 's Fernando Nieve ( 1 - 2 ) walked Cody Ross and Cody Ross to start the ninth	True
Nieve ( 1 - 2 ) intentionally walked Cody Ross to load the bases , and Chris Coghlan hit an RBI single to give the Marlins a 2 - 1 lead . Leo Nunez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Jason Bay doubled and scored on Rod Barajas ' single . Florida tied it in the third	True
Florida tied it in the third when Cody Ross doubled and scored on a single by Chris Coghlan . Florida tied it in the third	True
He walked one and struck out nine . Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out nine . Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five tries , striking out the side in the ninth	True
Pavano ( 4 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , striking out four and walking one . Jon Rauch pitched a perfect ninth	True
The White Sox scored twice in the first inning . Juan Pierre led off with a single , stole second	False
The White Sox scored twice in the first inning . Juan Pierre led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
He scored on Paul Konerko 's single . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Juan Pierre led off with a single , stole second	False
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Juan Pierre led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning . Juan Pierre led off with a single , stole second	False
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning . Juan Pierre led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
He scored on Paul Konerko 's single . The White Sox had runners on first	False
He scored on Paul Konerko 's single . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
He scored on Paul Konerko 's single . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
Eddie Bonine ( 3 - 0 ) got the win with 2 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . Jose Valverde struck out the side in the ninth	True
Eddie Bonine ( 3 - 0 ) got the win with 2 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . Jose Valverde struck out the side in the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out four . The Yankees took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Yankees took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Boesch and a run - scoring groundout by Austin Jackson . The Yankees made it 3 - 0 in the second	True
The Yankees took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Boesch and a run - scoring groundout by Austin Jackson . The Yankees made it 3 - 0 in the second on an RBI groundout by Austin Jackson and a run - scoring groundout by Austin Jackson in the second	True
The Yankees made it 3 - 0 in the second on an RBI groundout by Austin Jackson and a run - scoring groundout by Austin Jackson in the second . The Yankees made it 3 - 0 in the second	False
The Yankees made it 3 - 0 in the second on an RBI groundout by Austin Jackson and a run - scoring groundout by Austin Jackson in the second . The Yankees made it 3 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring groundout by Austin Jackson , and Boesch 's RBI groundout in the second	True
Fred Lewis hit a two - run homer and Vernon Wells added a two - run shot for the Blue Jays , who won for the sixth time in seven games . Jason Frasor ( 2 - 1 ) pitched the ninth	True
Fred Lewis hit a two - run homer and Vernon Wells added a two - run shot for the Blue Jays , who won for the sixth time in seven games . Jason Frasor ( 2 - 1 ) pitched the ninth for the win and Kevin Gregg worked the ninth	False
Brandon Lyon ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Carlos Lee hit a solo homer in the sixth inning and Hunter Pence added a solo shot in the sixth	True
Carlos Lee hit a solo homer in the sixth inning and Hunter Pence added a solo shot in the sixth for the Astros . Brandon Lyon ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 11th	True
Houston starter Tim Stauffer allowed six hits and struck out one in five innings . He was replaced by Edward Mujica , who gave up Pence 's solo homer in the sixth	True
Pence followed with a homer to right field to cut the lead to 3 - 2 . Tony Gwynn Jr. singled in a run in the fifth	True
Tony Gwynn Jr. singled in a run in the fifth to make it 3 - 0 . Tony Gwynn Jr. had an RBI single in the fifth	True
Padres starter Tim Stauffer allowed six hits and struck out one in five innings . He was replaced by Edward Mujica , who gave up Pence 's solo homer in the sixth	True
He struck out four and walked three . Luke Scott hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
He struck out four and walked three . Luke Scott homered in the fifth	True
Bay 's sacrifice fly off Guillermo Mota ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Mets a 4 - 2 lead . Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th	True
Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th for the win . Guillermo Mota ( 0 - 1 ) gave up a homer to Henry Blanco in the 11th	True
Guillermo Mota ( 0 - 1 ) gave up a homer to Henry Blanco in the 11th . Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th	True
Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th . Guillermo Mota ( 0 - 1 ) retired the first two batters in the 11th	True
Guillermo Mota ( 0 - 1 ) retired the first two batters in the 11th before Blanco hit a 1 - 0 pitch into the left - field seats for his second homer of the season . Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th	True
Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th . Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th	False
Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th . Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th	False
Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th . Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th	False
Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th . Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th	False
Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th . Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th	False
Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th . Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out the only batter he faced in the 11th	True
He struck out seven , walked two and threw a season - high 117 pitches . Charlie Haeger ( 0 - 4 ) gave up five runs , two hits and three walks in one - third	True
Charlie Haeger ( 0 - 4 ) gave up five runs , two hits and three walks in one - third of an inning . Haeger ( 0 - 4 ) was charged with five runs , two hits and three walks in one - third	False
He walked three and struck out none . Haeger ( 0 - 4 ) was charged with five runs , two hits and three walks in one - third	True
The right - hander walked three and struck out none in his first appearance against the Rockies this season . Haeger ( 0 - 4 ) was charged with five runs , two hits and three walks in one - third	True
Haeger ( 0 - 4 ) was charged with five runs , two hits and three walks in one - third of an inning . He was charged with five runs , two earned , and two hits in one - third	True
Lohse allowed one run and five hits , striking out eight without a walk . He also had two hits , including an RBI single in the eighth	True
Carlos Fisher ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in one inning . He walked Skip Schumaker with the bases loaded in the eighth	True
He struck out six and walked three . The Reds took a 3 - 1 lead in the seventh	True
The Reds took a 3 - 1 lead in the seventh on a run - scoring double by Skip Schumaker and a bases - loaded walk to Pujols . The Reds took a 3 - 1 lead in the seventh	False
Gallardo ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , struck out 11 and walked two . Trevor Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth	True
Latos had been 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his previous three starts . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Weeks ' leadoff homer . The Brewers tied it in the third	True
The Brewers tied it in the third on Adrian Gonzalez 's two - out RBI single . The Padres tied it in the third	False
The Padres tied it in the third on Adrian Gonzalez 's two - out RBI single . The Padres tied it in the third	False
The Padres tied it in the third on Adrian Gonzalez 's two - out RBI single . The Padres tied it in the third	False
The Padres tied it in the third on Adrian Gonzalez 's two - out RBI single . The Padres tied it in the third	False
The Padres tied it in the third on Adrian Gonzalez 's two - out RBI single . The Padres tied it in the third	False
He struck out six . Billy Wagner pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The Nationals have lost four of five . Martin Prado had a run - scoring double in the first inning and Martin Prado drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
He walked two and struck out six . Billy Wagner pitched the ninth	True
Billy Wagner pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . He struck out the side in the ninth	True
Billy Wagner earned his 16th save in 19 chances . He struck out the side in the ninth	True
The Nationals have lost six of seven . Martin Prado had a run - scoring double in the first inning and Martin Prado drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
The right - hander had a career - high 10 strikeouts and walked one . Richard had a two - run double in the second	True
The right - hander had a career - high 10 strikeouts and walked one . Richard had a two - run double in the second , a two - run double in the second	True
The right - hander had a career - high 10 strikeouts and walked one . Richard had a two - run double in the second , a two - run double in the second and a two - run double in the second	False
Richard had a two - run double in the second , a two - run double in the second and a two - run double in the second to give the Rockies a 2 - 0 lead . The Padres tied it at 2 in the second	True
The Padres scored four runs in the first inning , including a two - run double by Everth Cabrera . The Padres tied it in the second	True
The Padres tied it in the second on pinch - hitter Seth Smith 's two - out , two - run double . The Padres tied it in the second	False
The Padres tied it in the second on pinch - hitter Seth Smith 's two - out , two - run double . The Padres tied it in the second	False
The Padres tied it in the second on pinch - hitter Seth Smith 's two - out , two - run double . The Padres tied it in the second	False
Scott Moore hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Orioles beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 6 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Scott Moore hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and pinch - hitter Scott Moore hit a two - run drive in the eighth	True
Scott Moore hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Orioles beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 6 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Scott Moore hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and pinch - hitter Scott Moore hit a two - run drive in the eighth for the Orioles , who trailed 6 - 0 before scoring four runs in the eighth	True
Scott Moore hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and pinch - hitter Scott Moore hit a two - run drive in the eighth for the Orioles , who trailed 6 - 0 before scoring four runs in the eighth . Scott Moore hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Scott Moore hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and pinch - hitter Scott Moore hit a two - run drive in the eighth for the Orioles , who trailed 6 - 0 before scoring four runs in the eighth . Scott Moore hit a two - run homer in the eighth and pinch - hitter Scott Moore hit a two - run drive in the eighth	False
He walked three and struck out none . Alfredo Clippard ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He walked one and struck out two . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning when Morgan doubled , stole third	False
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning when Morgan doubled , stole third and scored on a groundout by Ivan Rodriguez . Washington made it 3 - 0 in the third	True
Washington made it 3 - 0 in the third . Morgan led off with a single , stole second	False
Morgan led off with a single , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Ivan Rodriguez . In the third	True
In the third , Morgan doubled and scored on a single by Ivan Rodriguez . In the fourth	True
Dan Uggla had four hits and drove in three runs for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida went up 5 - 3 in the third	True
Florida went up 5 - 3 in the third on a run - scoring single by Ty Wigginton and a run - scoring double by Ty Wigginton . Baltimore closed to 5 - 4 in the fifth	False
Baltimore closed to 5 - 4 in the fifth on an RBI single by Gaby Sanchez and a run - scoring single by Gaby Sanchez . The Orioles went up 5 - 3 in the third	True
The Orioles went up 5 - 3 in the third on a run - scoring single by Tatum and a run - scoring double by Tejada . Baltimore closed to 5 - 4 in the fifth	False
Baltimore closed to 5 - 4 in the fifth on a run - scoring single by Sanchez and a run - scoring single by Gaby Sanchez . The Marlins pulled away with a three - run third	True
Rickie Weeks had three hits , including a two - run single in the fourth inning , and the Brewers beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Rickie Weeks had three hits , including a two - run single in the fourth	True
He struck out six and walked two . John Axford pitched the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked two . John Axford gave up a run in the ninth	True
John Axford gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his sixth save . Joe Mauer had three hits , including a two - out RBI double in the ninth	True
Joe Mauer had three hits , including a two - out RBI double in the ninth off Zach Braddock . John Axford gave up a run in the ninth	True
John Axford gave up a run in the ninth but got Orlando Hudson to ground into a game - ending double play for his sixth save in six chances . The Twins had runners on second	False
John Axford gave up a run in the ninth but got Orlando Hudson to ground into a game - ending double play for his sixth save in six chances . The Twins had runners on second and third	False
John Axford gave up a run in the ninth but got Orlando Hudson to ground into a game - ending double play for his sixth save in six chances . The Twins had runners on second and third with one out in the ninth	True
The Twins had runners on second and third with one out in the ninth , but Kameron Loe struck out Orlando Hudson and Orlando Hudson to end the threat . Zach Braddock struck out the side in the eighth	True
The Twins had runners on second and third with one out in the ninth , but Kameron Loe struck out Orlando Hudson and Orlando Hudson to end the threat . Zach Braddock struck out the side in the eighth and John Axford gave up a run in the ninth	False
Zach Braddock struck out the side in the eighth and John Axford gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his sixth save in seven chances . The Twins took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Twins took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - run single by Delmon Young . The Twins took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
The Twins took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - run single by Delmon Young . The Twins tied it in the fourth	True
Brandon Inge had three hits and drove in a run for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Phil Coke ( 5 - 0 ) got two outs in the eighth	True
Brandon Inge had three hits and drove in a run for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Phil Coke ( 5 - 0 ) got two outs in the eighth and Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked four . Phil Coke ( 5 - 0 ) got two outs in the eighth	True
He struck out four and walked four . Phil Coke ( 5 - 0 ) got two outs in the eighth and Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth	True
Phil Coke ( 5 - 0 ) got two outs in the eighth and Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 17 chances . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Phil Coke ( 5 - 0 ) got two outs in the eighth and Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 17 chances . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Magglio Ordonez , but the Tigers tied it in the fifth	True
He walked two and struck out two . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Ordonez , his 21st of the year . The Tigers tied it in the fifth	True
Ogando ( 2 - 0 ) struck out four and walked three in 2 1/3 innings . Neftali Feliz pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Marlins scored twice in the second	True
The Marlins scored twice in the second on Chris Coghlan 's fielder 's choice and Chris Coghlan 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . Florida went ahead 3 - 0 in the second	True
Florida went ahead 3 - 0 in the second on Chris Coghlan 's run - scoring fielder 's choice and Chris Coghlan 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . The Rangers went ahead 3 - 0 in the second	False
The Rangers went ahead 3 - 0 in the second on Chris Coghlan 's run - scoring fielder 's choice and Chris Coghlan 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . Florida went ahead 3 - 0 in the second	False
Florida went ahead 3 - 0 in the second on Chris Coghlan 's run - scoring fielder 's choice and Chris Coghlan 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . The Rangers went ahead 3 - 0 in the second	False
He struck out three and walked three . Ryan Sweeney hit a sacrifice fly in the first	True
He struck out three and walked three . Ryan Sweeney hit a sacrifice fly in the first and Daric Barton had an RBI groundout in the seventh	True
Ryan Sweeney hit a sacrifice fly in the first and Daric Barton had an RBI groundout in the seventh to make it 6 - 2 . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Freddy Garcia ( 7 - 3 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth	True
Freddy Garcia ( 7 - 3 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out two . The Pirates scored twice in the fifth	True
He struck out nine and walked two . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a bases - loaded walk to Miguel Cabrera . The Tigers took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Tigers took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on Josh Willingham 's RBI single and Ryan Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a bases - loaded walk by Carlos Guillen , and Raburn 's homer made it 7 - 4 in the fifth	True
The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a bases - loaded walk by Carlos Guillen , and Raburn 's homer made it 7 - 4 in the fifth . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Lilly ( 2 - 5 ) struck out three and walked one , throwing 72 of 108 pitches for strikes . Carlos Marmol pitched the ninth	True
Huff hit two home runs and drove in four runs , Juan Uribe added a solo shot and the Giants beat the A 's 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Huff hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and a two - run shot in the eighth	True
It was Huff 's second career multi - homer game and his first since Sept. 28 , 2011 , against the A 's . Huff hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
It was Huff 's second career multi - homer game and his first since Sept. 28 , 2011 , against the A 's . Huff hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Vin Mazzaro ( 2 - 1 ) and added a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Jack Cust had three hits for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland 's Jack Cust hit a leadoff double in the fourth	True
Oakland 's Jack Cust hit a leadoff double in the fourth and scored on Landon Powell 's single . The A 's scored an unearned run in the eighth	False
The A 's scored an unearned run in the eighth off Dan Runzler , cutting San Francisco 's lead to 4 - 2 . Landon Powell had an RBI single in the eighth	True
He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Ryan Zimmerman hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
He struck out two and walked three . Kevin Gregg gave up a leadoff homer to Sean Rodriguez in the ninth	True
He struck out two and walked three . Kevin Gregg gave up a leadoff homer to Sean Rodriguez in the ninth , but struck out Ben Zobrist with runners on first	False
He struck out two and walked three . Kevin Gregg gave up a leadoff homer to Sean Rodriguez in the ninth , but struck out Ben Zobrist with runners on first and second	False
The right - hander was coming off a no - decision in his previous start against the Los Angeles Dodgers in which he gave up six runs and eight hits in three innings of a 9 - 1 loss at Dodger Stadium . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the eighth	True
Pedro Feliciano ( 2 - 2 ) got one out for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth	True
Pedro Feliciano ( 2 - 2 ) got one out for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth	True
Rickie Weeks also homered for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Zach Braddock ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win and John Axford worked the 10th	True
Zach Braddock ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . John Axford pitched the 10th	True
Zach Braddock ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . John Axford pitched the 10th	True
John Axford pitched the 10th for his fourth save in five chances . The Cardinals tied it at 3 - all in the eighth	True
The Cardinals tied it at 3 - all in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Randy Winn . The Cardinals tied it in the eighth	False
The Cardinals tied it in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Randy Winn . The Cardinals tied it at 3 - all in the eighth	True
The Cardinals tied it at 3 - all in the eighth on Randy Winn 's sacrifice fly off Kameron Loe . Kameron Loe got the last out of the eighth	True
The Cardinals tied it at 3 - all in the eighth on Randy Winn 's sacrifice fly off Kameron Loe . Kameron Loe got the last out of the eighth , and John Axford pitched the 10th	True
Jaso hit a two - run homer and drove in five runs , Matt Garza pitched into the sixth inning and the Rays beat the Rangers 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Jaso hit a two - run homer off Rich Harden ( 3 - 2 ) in the third inning and added a two - run single in the eighth	True
It was the first time the Rays had scored more than three runs in a game since July 26 , 2010 , against Tampa Bay . Matt Treanor had two hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . Kerry Wood pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out three and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out three and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Shin-Soo Choo singled , stole second	False
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Shin-Soo Choo singled , stole second and scored on Russell Branyan 's single . The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the fourth	True
The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Talbot escaped the jam by striking out Andruw Jones and getting Alexei Ramirez to ground into an inning - ending double play . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Russell Branyan . The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the fourth	True
The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Peavy escaped the jam by getting Lou Marson to ground into a double play . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Russell Branyan . The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the fourth	True
Smoak hit a go - ahead home run in the fourth inning , and the Rangers beat the Tampa Bay Rays 9 - 6 on Tuesday night . Smoak had three hits , including a solo homer in the fourth	True
Smoak had three hits , including a solo homer in the fourth that made it 4 - 3 . He also had an RBI single in the fourth	True
He also had an RBI single in the fourth and scored on Michael Young 's two - run single . Hamilton , who had three hits , had three hits , including a solo homer in the fourth	True
He also had an RBI single in the fourth and scored on Michael Young 's two - run single . Hamilton , who had three hits , had three hits , including a solo homer in the fourth and a three - run double in the fourth	True
Hamilton , who had three hits , had three hits , including a solo homer in the fourth and a three - run double in the fourth off Wade Davis ( 5 - 5 ) . Hamilton , who had three hits , had three hits , including a solo homer in the fourth	False
Hamilton , who had three hits , had three hits , including a solo homer in the fourth that made it 4 - 3 . Smoak , who had three hits , had three hits , including a solo homer in the fourth	False
Davis ( 5 - 5 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . Evan Longoria and Evan Longoria hit back - to - back home runs in the seventh	True
The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay went ahead 4 - 0 in the second	True
The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay went ahead 4 - 0 in the second on Carl Crawford 's two - out , two - run single and Carl Crawford 's two - run single in the second	True
Tampa Bay went ahead 4 - 0 in the second on Carl Crawford 's two - out , two - run single and Carl Crawford 's two - run single in the second . The Rays had a chance to take the lead in the second	True
Tampa Bay went ahead 4 - 0 in the second on Carl Crawford 's two - out , two - run single and Carl Crawford 's two - run single in the second . The Rays had a chance to take the lead in the second , when Zobrist was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second	False
The Rays had a chance to take the lead in the second , when Zobrist was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Kelly Shoppach 's single to left . The Rays had runners on first	False
The Rays had a chance to take the lead in the second , when Zobrist was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Kelly Shoppach 's single to left . The Rays had runners on first and second	False
The Rays had a chance to take the lead in the second , when Zobrist was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Kelly Shoppach 's single to left . The Rays had runners on first and second with no outs in the third	True
Suzuki hit a solo homer in the eighth inning and the A 's held on to beat the Boston Red Sox 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Suzuki hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the eighth	True
Vin Mazzaro ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs in 3 1/3 innings for the win . Andrew Bailey got his 12th save despite giving up a solo homer to Jeremy Hermida in the ninth	True
Wakefield ( 1 - 4 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in six innings , striking out four and walking none . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Adrian Beltre . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a run - scoring groundout by Adrian Beltre and a run - scoring groundout by Adrian Beltre . The Red Sox cut it to 5 - 3 in the bottom of the fourth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his past five starts . Brian Fuentes gave up a two - run homer to pinch - hitter Willie Bloomquist in the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked three . The Royals scored twice in the eighth	True
The Royals scored twice in the eighth to make it 4 - 2 on David DeJesus ' RBI single and Willie Bloomquist 's pinch - hit , two - run pinch - hit homer off Brian Fuentes , who got his seventh save in nine chances . The Royals scored twice in the eighth	False
The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . Konerko hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
He struck out four and walked three . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
Brett Carroll led off with a double and scored on Jorge Cantu 's sacrifice fly . Florida took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
Florida took a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Brett Carroll led off with a single , moved to third	False
Brett Carroll led off with a single , moved to third on Chris Coghlan 's single and scored on Jorge Cantu 's sacrifice fly . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
He walked four and struck out two . Matt Capps pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked one . The Mariners scored three runs in the sixth	True
The Mariners scored three runs in the sixth to take a 5 - 0 lead . J. J. Hardy led off with a single , moved to third	False
J. J. Hardy led off with a single , moved to third on J. J. Hardy 's single and scored on Casilla 's two - out , two - run homer . The Mariners loaded the bases with one out in the sixth	True
The Mariners loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Baker struck out Casey Kotchman and Casey Kotchman to end the threat . The Mariners had runners on first	False
The Mariners loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Baker struck out Casey Kotchman and Casey Kotchman to end the threat . The Mariners had runners on first and second	False
The Mariners loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Baker struck out Casey Kotchman and Casey Kotchman to end the threat . The Mariners had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth	True
The Mariners had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth , but Baker struck out Casey Kotchman and Casey Kotchman to end the threat . The Mariners loaded the bases with one out in the sixth	True
The Mariners loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Baker struck out Casey Kotchman and Casey Kotchman to end the threat . The Mariners loaded the bases with one out in the sixth	False
He struck out three and walked one . The Mariners scored in the sixth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out seven and walked two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Austin Jackson and an RBI double by Austin Jackson in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Austin Jackson and an RBI double by Austin Jackson in the first . Scutaro tied it with a solo homer in the fifth	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Austin Jackson and an RBI double by Austin Jackson in the first . Scutaro tied it with a solo homer in the fifth , but the Tigers made it 4 - 0 in the fifth	False
Scutaro tied it with a solo homer in the fifth , but the Tigers made it 4 - 0 in the fifth on Peralta 's two - run homer . Scutaro led off the fifth	True
Scutaro tied it with a solo homer in the fifth , but the Tigers made it 4 - 0 in the fifth on Peralta 's two - run homer . Scutaro led off the fifth with a solo homer , his second	False
Scutaro led off the fifth with a solo homer , his second of the season . The Red Sox had taken a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Chris Volstad ( 5 - 8 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . Leo Nunez pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
-- Alex Gordon hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning , lifting the Kansas City Royals to a 7 - 5 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Alex Gordon hit a three - run homer off Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 2 ) with two outs in the ninth	True
Alex Gordon hit a three - run homer off Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 2 ) with two outs in the ninth to give the Royals a 7 - 5 lead . Blake Wood ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Blake Wood ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Alex Gordon hit a three - run homer in the ninth	True
Wilson Betemit had three hits and drove in two runs for the Royals , who have won four of five . Blake Wood ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He walked five and struck out four . The Orioles took a 5 - 4 lead in the eighth	True
He walked five and struck out four . The Orioles took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Orioles took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Betemit and a two - run single by Betemit . The Orioles tied it in the third	True
The Orioles tied it in the third on a sacrifice fly by Felix Pie and a sacrifice fly by Felix Pie . Wigginton hit a two - out double in the third	True
Dan Uggla homered and drove in three runs for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Chris Ray ( 4 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 10th	True
The Marlins scored four runs in the first inning , including a two - run triple by Uribe and a two - run single by Uribe . The Giants added a run in the third	True
The Marlins scored four runs in the first inning , including a two - run triple by Uribe and a two - run single by Uribe . The Giants added a run in the third on Aubrey Huff 's RBI single and Torres ' two - run triple in the third	True
David Herndon ( 1 - 2 ) pitched one inning for the win . Ryan Howard hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Ryan Howard hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Phillies , who have won four of five . The Phillies took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth	True
It was the first game - ending homer of his career . Neftali Feliz ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Neftali Feliz ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Nelson Cruz hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Nelson Cruz hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Michael Wuertz ( 2 - 2 ) . Neftali Feliz ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Ortiz homered twice and drove in three runs , Clay Buchholz pitched seven solid innings and the Red Sox beat the Los Angeles Angels 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Ortiz hit a two - run shot off Dan Haren ( 7 - 9 ) in the eighth inning and a two - run homer off Fernando Rodney in the eighth	True
Ortiz hit a two - run shot off Dan Haren ( 7 - 9 ) in the eighth inning and a two - run homer off Fernando Rodney in the eighth to give the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead . Ortiz hit a two - run shot off Dan Haren ( 7 - 9 ) in the eighth inning and a two - run homer off Fernando Rodney in the eighth	False
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
It was the first home run by a Red Sox player this season , and the second time this season the Red Sox have hit back - to - back home runs . The Red Sox tied it in the second	True
He struck out eight and walked two . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Andres Torres hit a go - ahead two - run double in the ninth inning , and the Giants beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 7 - 5 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Andres Torres hit a tying two - run double in the sixth inning , and Buster Posey had an RBI single in the ninth	True
Santiago Casilla ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jeremy Affeldt pitched the ninth	True
Santiago Casilla ( 3 - 2 ) pitched the final two innings for the win . Jeremy Affeldt pitched the ninth	True
Santiago Casilla ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jeremy Affeldt pitched the ninth	True
The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers ' first three batters reached in the first	True
The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers ' first three batters reached in the first , but Lincecum struck out Andre Ethier and Andre Ethier with runners at second	False
The Dodgers have lost six of seven . The Dodgers ' first three batters reached in the first , but Lincecum struck out Andre Ethier and Andre Ethier with runners at second and third	False
The Dodgers ' first three batters reached in the first , but Lincecum struck out Andre Ethier and Andre Ethier with runners at second and third to end the inning . The Giants got a run back in the second	True
The Dodgers ' first three batters reached in the first , but Lincecum struck out Andre Ethier and Andre Ethier with runners at second and third to end the inning . The Giants got a run back in the second on Paul 's RBI single , and a run - scoring double by DeWitt in the third	True
Tampa Bay went ahead 1 - 0 in the second inning when Matt Joyce doubled in a run and scored on a double by Carl Crawford . Tampa Bay added three runs in the third	True
B. J. Upton hit an RBI double and scored on a single by Ben Zobrist . Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third	True
B. J. Upton hit an RBI double and scored on a single by Ben Zobrist . Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third	True
B. J. Upton hit an RBI double and scored on a single by Ben Zobrist . Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third	True
B. J. Upton hit an RBI double and scored on a single by Carl Crawford . Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third	True
B. J. Upton hit an RBI double and scored on a single by Carl Crawford . Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third	True
B. J. Upton hit an RBI double and scored on a single by Carl Crawford . Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third	True
B. J. Upton hit an RBI double and scored on a single by Carl Crawford . Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third	True
He struck out three and walked two . Brian Wilson struck out the side in the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four career starts against the Giants . Rafael Furcal and Rafael Furcal hit back - to - back homers in the sixth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Prince Fielder hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Prince Fielder hit a solo homer in the eighth and Ryan Braun had three hits for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Ryan Braun had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the ninth	True
He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Weeks hit a leadoff homer in the first	True
He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Weeks hit a leadoff homer in the first and a run - scoring single in the sixth	True
NEW YORK -- Yankees manager Joe Girardi was happy to see the New York Yankees come to town for a three - game series . Jorge Posada hit a tying homer in the eighth inning , Nick Swisher hit a go - ahead homer in the eighth	True
Jorge Posada hit a tying homer in the eighth inning , Nick Swisher hit a go - ahead homer in the eighth and New York rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Robinson Cano and Robinson Cano hit back - to - back home runs in the sixth inning , and Nick Swisher added a solo shot off Joaquin Benoit in the eighth	True
Robinson Cano and Robinson Cano hit back - to - back home runs in the sixth inning , and Nick Swisher added a solo shot off Joaquin Benoit in the eighth to give the Yankees a 4 - 3 lead . Mariano Rivera ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Robinson Cano and Robinson Cano hit back - to - back home runs in the sixth inning , and Nick Swisher added a solo shot off Joaquin Benoit in the eighth to give the Yankees a 4 - 3 lead . Mariano Rivera ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win , and Mariano Rivera ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Nick Swisher homered and drove in three runs for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Mariano Rivera ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The Rays have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay went ahead 4 - 3 in the seventh	True
Tampa Bay went ahead 4 - 3 in the seventh on Willy Aybar 's sacrifice fly and Evan Longoria 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . Tampa Bay 's Ben Zobrist hit an RBI double in the third	True
Tampa Bay went ahead 4 - 3 in the seventh on Willy Aybar 's sacrifice fly and Evan Longoria 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . Tampa Bay 's Ben Zobrist hit an RBI double in the third and Willy Aybar drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Tampa Bay 's Ben Zobrist hit an RBI double in the third and Willy Aybar drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the seventh . New York took a 4 - 3 lead in the seventh	False
He walked four and struck out three . The Royals scored in the first	True
He walked four and struck out three . The Royals scored in the first when Coco Crisp singled , stole second	False
He walked four and struck out three . The Royals scored a run in the first	True
He walked four and struck out three . The Royals scored a run in the first on a double - play grounder by Jack Cust and a run - scoring single by Mark Ellis in the third	True
The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 2.08 ERA in his last seven starts . Ichiro Suzuki hit a three - run double in the fifth	True
The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Ichiro Suzuki hit a three - run double in the fifth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Ichiro Suzuki hit a three - run double in the fifth	True
He was tagged for seven runs and eight hits in two - plus innings of a 7 - 2 loss to the Yankees in his previous start . The Red Sox took a 6 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 6 - 0 lead in the first on Cruz 's RBI single and a two - run single by Cruz . The Red Sox took a 7 - 0 lead in the third	True
He struck out five and walked two . Juan Gutierrez pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . Juan Gutierrez pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Marlins have lost five of six . Florida 's Mike Stanton homered for the second straight game , a solo shot in the fifth	True
Florida 's Mike Stanton homered for the second straight game , a solo shot in the fifth that put Florida ahead 3 - 0 . The Marlins cut it to 3 - 2 in the sixth	False
Corey Hart hit a two - run homer in the first inning , Corey Hart added a two - run shot and the Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Corey Hart hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Prince Fielder added a solo shot in the eighth	True
Corey Hart hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Prince Fielder added a solo shot in the eighth for the Brewers . John Axford ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Andrew McCutchen homered and drove in two runs for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . John Axford ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
He walked two and struck out four . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Carlos Gomez led off with a double and scored on George Kottaras ' single to cut the lead to 2 - 1 . The Pirates tied it at 2 in the fourth	True
The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Carlos Gomez led off with a double and scored on George Kottaras ' single to cut the lead to 2 - 1 . The Pirates tied it at 2 in the fourth on a solo homer by Lastings Milledge , his 12th	False
The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Carlos Gomez led off with a double and scored on George Kottaras ' single to cut the lead to 2 - 1 . The Pirates tied it at 2 in the fourth on a solo homer by Lastings Milledge , his 12th of the season and second	False
The Pirates tied it at 2 in the fourth on a solo homer by Lastings Milledge , his 12th of the season and second in two games . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the inning when Rickie Weeks was hit by a pitch , stole second	False
The Pirates tied it at 2 in the fourth on a solo homer by Lastings Milledge , his 12th of the season and second in two games . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the inning when Rickie Weeks was hit by a pitch , stole second and advanced to third	False
Hart followed with a homer to left - center to give the Brewers a 2 - 0 lead . The Pirates tied it at 2 in the third	True
Hart followed with a homer to left - center to give the Brewers a 2 - 0 lead . The Pirates tied it at 2 in the third on a solo homer by Lastings Milledge , his 13th	False
The Pirates tied it at 2 in the third on a solo homer by Lastings Milledge , his 13th of the season . The Pirates tied it in the third	False
Ramirez homered twice and drove in four runs , Carlos Silva pitched six effective innings and the Cubs beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and added a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and added a two - run shot in the eighth . He also had a two - run homer in the sixth inning and a two - run shot off Aaron Heilman in the eighth	True
The Diamondbacks have won six of their past seven games . Ramirez hit a two - run homer off Barry Enright ( 1 - 1 ) in the sixth inning and added a two - run shot in the eighth	True
He also hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning of the Cubs ' 4 - 3 win over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Ramirez 's second homer of the game tied it at 1 in the sixth	True
He also hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning of the Cubs ' 4 - 3 win over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Ramirez 's second homer of the game tied it at 1 in the sixth , and Ramirez hit a two - run shot off Aaron Heilman in the eighth	True
Ramirez 's second homer of the game tied it at 1 in the sixth , and Ramirez hit a two - run shot off Aaron Heilman in the eighth to make it 6 - 2 . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Enright , who allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
It was the first home run allowed by Enright , who allowed three runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Chris Young reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second	False
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Chris Young reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and scored on Stephen Drew 's sacrifice fly . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Chris Young reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and scored on Stephen Drew 's sacrifice fly . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Chris Young reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second	False
It was the first game - ending hit of Cabrera 's career , and the first game - ending hit of his career . The Tigers took a 4 - 3 lead in the top of the ninth	True
Uggla hit a solo homer and drove in three runs , Ricky Nolasco struck out a season - high 11 in seven innings and the Marlins beat the Atlanta Braves 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Uggla hit a two - run single in the first inning , then added a solo homer in the fourth	True
Uggla hit a two - run single in the first inning , then added a solo homer in the fourth . He also had a two - run single in the first inning and a solo homer in the fourth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Leo Nunez pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Chris Coghlan led off with a single and scored on Uggla 's two - out , two - run single . The Braves cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the bottom of the first	True
Martin Prado led off with a double and scored on Eric Hinske 's sacrifice fly . The Braves cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the bottom of the first	True
Martin Prado led off with a double and scored on Eric Hinske 's sacrifice fly . The Braves cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the bottom of the first	True
Gonzalez ( 7 - 5 ) allowed five hits , struck out five and walked four in 6 2/3 innings . Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth	True
Andres Torres also homered for the Giants , who have won four of five . Buster Posey hit a two - run double in the eighth	True
Buster Posey hit a two - run double in the eighth off Matt Belisle ( 6 - 5 ) . Brian Wilson pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out two and walked three . Melvin Mora and Melvin Mora hit back - to - back home runs in the eighth	True
Melvin Mora and Melvin Mora hit back - to - back home runs in the eighth off Jeremy Affeldt ( 4 - 3 ) . Brian Wilson pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked two and struck out three . The Rockies took a 1 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
Cabrera hit a 2 - 1 pitch from Jesse Chavez ( 5 - 4 ) into the right - field seats for his 12th homer of the season . Chris Perez ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Chris Perez ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Wilson Betemit hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Wilson Betemit hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Chris Perez ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
The Indians have lost six of seven . Wilson Betemit hit a two - run homer off Jeanmar Gomez in the sixth	True
Wilson Betemit hit a two - run homer off Jeanmar Gomez in the sixth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Chris Perez ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . The Royals tied it in the eighth	True
The Royals tied it in the eighth on Betemit 's two - out , two - run homer off Jeanmar Gomez , who gave up six hits and two runs in 5 2/3 innings . The Royals tied it in the eighth	False
B. J. Upton led off the bottom of the 10th inning with a home run , leading the Rays to a 3 - 2 victory over the Red Sox on Tuesday night . Dan Johnson tied it at 2 with a leadoff homer in the eighth	True
Randy Choate ( 4 - 3 ) retired the only batter he faced to earn the win . Joaquin Benoit gave up a solo homer to Victor Martinez in the top of the 10th	True
Randy Choate ( 4 - 3 ) retired the only batter he faced to earn the win . Joaquin Benoit gave up a solo homer to Victor Martinez in the top of the 10th , and Victor Martinez homered off Joaquin Benoit in the eighth	True
He struck out three and walked one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Adrian Beltre 's sacrifice fly . Martinez led off the fourth	True
Martinez led off the fourth with a double and scored on Adrian Beltre 's sacrifice fly . The Rays tied it in the seventh	True
He walked one and struck out a season - high 13 . Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth	True
He walked one and struck out a season - high 13 . Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth and Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth	False
Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth and Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth . Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth	False
Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth and Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth . Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth and Kyle Farnsworth gave up an RBI double to pinch - hitter Brad Davis in the eighth	True
Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth and Kyle Farnsworth gave up an RBI double to pinch - hitter Brad Davis in the eighth . Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth	False
Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth and Kyle Farnsworth gave up an RBI double to pinch - hitter Brad Davis in the eighth . Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth and Kyle Farnsworth gave up an RBI double to Donnie Murphy in the eighth	False
Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth and Kyle Farnsworth gave up an RBI double to Donnie Murphy in the eighth . Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth	False
Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth and Kyle Farnsworth gave up an RBI double to Donnie Murphy in the eighth . Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth and Kyle Farnsworth gave up an RBI double to pinch - hitter Brad Davis in the eighth	False
Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth and Kyle Farnsworth gave up an RBI double to pinch - hitter Brad Davis in the eighth . Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth	False
Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth and Kyle Farnsworth gave up an RBI double to pinch - hitter Brad Davis in the eighth . Kyle Farnsworth gave up a run in the eighth and Kyle Farnsworth gave up an RBI double to pinch - hitter Brad Davis in the eighth	False
Atlanta 's Jair Jurrjens gave up seven runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He was lifted after giving up a two - run double to Ryan Spilborghs and pinch - hitter Ryan Spilborghs ' two - run double in the sixth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
Jorge De La Rosa ( 5 - 4 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking one . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Ian Stewart doubled and scored on Fowler 's two - out single . The Rockies cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the second	True
The Rockies cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the second on Alex Gonzalez 's solo homer . The Rockies cut it to 2 - 1 in the second	False
The Rockies cut it to 2 - 1 in the second on Alex Gonzalez 's solo homer . The Rockies cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the second	True
The Rockies cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the second on a two - out homer by Gonzalez , his 16th of the season . The Rockies cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the second	False
Ankiel hit a three - run triple in the ninth inning and the Braves rallied for a 5 - 3 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Peter Moylan ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Aramis Ramirez hit a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Peter Moylan ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Peter Moylan ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Billy Wagner pitched the ninth	True
Aramis Ramirez hit a solo homer and drove in two runs for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Peter Moylan ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Peter Moylan ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Billy Wagner pitched the ninth	True
Aramis Ramirez homered and drove in two runs for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Peter Moylan ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Peter Moylan ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Billy Wagner pitched the ninth	True
Aramis Ramirez homered and drove in two runs for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Peter Moylan ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Peter Moylan ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Billy Wagner pitched the ninth	True
Bailey ( 3 - 2 ) gave up one run and four hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked two . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Phillips . The Reds tied it in the third	True
The Reds tied it in the third on Ryan Theriot 's RBI single . The Dodgers tied it in the third	True
The Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on Ryan Theriot 's RBI single , but the Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on Ryan Theriot 's RBI single . The Dodgers tied it in the third	True
The Dodgers tied it in the third on Ryan Theriot 's RBI single , but the Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on Ryan Theriot 's RBI single . The Dodgers tied it in the third	True
He struck out four and walked one . Brad Lidge pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Brad Lidge pitched a perfect ninth	True
Shoppach hit a grand slam off Brian Matusz ( 4 - 12 ) during a four - run fourth inning that put the Rays ahead 5 - 3 . Shoppach hit a grand slam off Brian Matusz ( 4 - 12 ) during a five - run fourth	True
Lance Cormier , Joaquin Benoit and Joaquin Benoit combined for four innings of no - hit relief for the Rays . Joaquin Benoit pitched the eighth	True
Lance Cormier , Joaquin Benoit and Joaquin Benoit combined for four innings of no - hit relief for the Rays . Joaquin Benoit pitched the eighth and Alfredo Simon gave up Shoppach 's second homer of the season in the eighth	True
Joaquin Benoit pitched the eighth and Alfredo Simon gave up Shoppach 's second homer of the season in the eighth . Joaquin Benoit pitched the eighth	False
Joaquin Benoit pitched the eighth and Alfredo Simon gave up Shoppach 's second homer of the season in the eighth . Joaquin Benoit pitched the eighth and Alfredo Simon gave up Shoppach 's homer in the eighth	False
Carlos Ruiz had three hits and three RBIs , and Carlos Ruiz had three hits and three RBIs . Danys Baez ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Matt Kemp hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Danys Baez ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Jamey Carroll had two hits and drove in two runs for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . The Phillies jumped out to a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies jumped out to a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Ruiz and a run - scoring single by Ruiz . The Phillies cut it to 3 - 1 in the second	True
The Phillies cut it to 3 - 1 in the second on Ronnie Belliard 's RBI groundout and Kemp 's run - scoring groundout . Belliard had an RBI groundout in the second	True
The Phillies cut it to 3 - 1 in the second on Ronnie Belliard 's RBI groundout and Kemp 's run - scoring groundout . Belliard had an RBI groundout in the second and Belliard hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth	True
Pelfrey ( 11 - 6 ) allowed four hits and one walk while striking out four in seven innings . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked four . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh	True
He struck out two and walked two . Ronald Belisario gave up a two - run homer to Ross Gload in the seventh	True
Ronald Belisario gave up a two - run homer to Ross Gload in the seventh . The Phillies jumped on Kendrick in the first	True
Loney followed with a run - scoring single and Blake followed with a run - scoring single to make it 3 - 0 . The Phillies tacked on two more runs in the fourth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Jeff Mathis ' RBI single , but the Tigers tied it in the sixth	False
The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Jeff Mathis ' RBI single , but the Tigers tied it in the sixth on Bobby Abreu 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Jeff Mathis . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Jeff Mathis ' RBI single . The Angels tied it in the sixth	False
He struck out three and walked three . David Aardsma gave up a solo homer to Alex Gordon in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . Alex Gordon hit a pinch - hit homer in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
He struck out five and walked two . J. J. Putz pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . J. J. Putz pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
In the bottom half , Jones hit a 1 - 1 pitch into the left - field seats . It was his third homer of the season and second	False
It was his third homer of the season and second in two games . The White Sox pulled even in the fourth	True
Alexei Ramirez led off with a double and scored on a double by Gordon Beckham . The White Sox pulled even in the seventh	True
The White Sox pulled even in the seventh . Alexei Ramirez led off with a single , stole second	False
Alexei Ramirez led off with a single , stole second and scored on a single by A. J. Pierzynski . In the eighth	True
In the eighth , Juan Pierre singled and scored on a two - out single by A. J. Pierzynski . J. J. Putz pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out five and did not walk a batter . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning when Markakis singled , stole second	False
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning when Markakis singled , stole second and scored on a single by Adam Jones . Baltimore tied it in the third	True
Beckham hit a 2 - 1 pitch into the left - field seats . Baltimore tied it in the third	True
Beckham hit a 2 - 1 pitch into the left - field seats . Baltimore tied it in the third	True
Sweeney had an RBI single in the eighth inning and the Phillies rallied from a four - run deficit to beat the New York Mets 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Sweeney had a two - out RBI single in the eighth	True
Sweeney had a two - out RBI single in the eighth off Bobby Parnell ( 0 - 1 ) , and Placido Polanco drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly . Chad Durbin ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Brad Lidge got the final out for his 13th save in 16 chances . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Placido Polanco 's RBI double in the first gave the Phillies a 1 - 0 lead . New York tied it in the third	True
New York tied it in the third when David Wright led off with a double and scored on Jose Reyes ' single . The Mets tied it at 1 in the third	True
The Mets tied it at 1 in the third on an RBI single by Jose Reyes . The Mets tied it in the third	True
The Mets tied it in the third when David Wright led off with a double and scored on Jose Reyes ' single . The Mets tied it at 1 in the third	True
The Mets tied it at 1 in the third on an RBI single by Jose Reyes . The Mets tied it in the third	True
The Mets tied it in the third when David Wright led off with a double and scored on Reyes ' single to right . The Mets tied it in the third	False
Enright ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , striking out three and walking two . He also helped himself with an RBI single in the fourth	True
Zimmerman 's solo shot in the third cut the lead to 2 - 1 . The Nationals cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the third	True
Zimmerman 's solo shot in the third cut the lead to 2 - 1 . The Nationals cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the third on a solo home run by Roger Bernadina , his third	False
The Nationals cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the third on a solo home run by Roger Bernadina , his third of the season . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the third	False
The Nationals cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the third on a solo home run by Roger Bernadina , his third of the season . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the third on a solo home run by Roger Bernadina , his third	False
The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the third on a solo home run by Roger Bernadina , his third of the season . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the third	False
The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the third on a solo home run by Roger Bernadina , his third of the season . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the third on a solo home run by Roger Bernadina , his third	False
The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the third on a solo home run by Roger Bernadina , his third of the season . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the third	False
The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the third on a solo home run by Roger Bernadina , his third of the season . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the third on a solo home run by Kennedy , his third	False
The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the third on a solo home run by Kennedy , his third of the season . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the third	False
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers increased the margin to 4 - 0 in the third	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers increased the margin to 4 - 0 in the third on Scott Podsednik 's two - out , two - run single and Ethier 's two - run homer in the eighth	True
Dunn homered twice and drove in four runs , Craig Stammen won for the first time in five starts and the Nationals beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first inning , a solo shot in the fourth	True
Dunn homered twice and drove in four runs , Craig Stammen won for the first time in five starts and the Nationals beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first inning , a solo shot in the fourth and a solo shot in the eighth	True
He walked none and struck out two . Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He walked none and struck out two . Dunn hit a two - out , two - run homer in the first	True
He walked none and struck out two . Dunn hit a two - out , two - run homer in the first	True
Gordon led off the second inning with a home run off Oakland starter Vin Mazzaro to give the Royals a 1 - 0 lead . Gordon led off the second	True
Gordon led off the second with his 14th home run of the season to give the Royals a 1 - 0 lead . Gordon led off the second	True
Gordon led off the second with his 14th home run of the season to give the Royals a 1 - 0 lead . The Royals tied it in the fourth	True
Oakland tied it in the bottom half on Kurt Suzuki 's run - scoring single . The Royals tied it in the bottom of the fifth	True
Oakland tied it in the bottom half on Kurt Suzuki 's run - scoring single . The Royals tied it in the bottom of the fifth on Matt Watson 's RBI double and Kurt Suzuki 's run - scoring double off Kyle Davies ( 4 - 6 ) in the fifth	True
The Royals tied it in the bottom of the fifth on Matt Watson 's RBI double and Kurt Suzuki 's run - scoring double off Kyle Davies ( 4 - 6 ) in the fifth . The Royals tied it in the bottom of the fifth	False
He walked five and struck out six . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Gordon led off with his 14th home run of the season , a drive into the right - field seats . The Royals tied it in the fourth	True
Wainwright ( 15 - 6 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , striking out five and walking none . He also had two hits and drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the third	True
He struck out five and walked none . He also had an RBI single in the second	True
He struck out five and walked none . He also had an RBI single in the second and an RBI single in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked none . He also had an RBI single in the second	True
He struck out five and walked none . He also had an RBI single in the second and an RBI single in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked none . He also had an RBI single in the second	True
He struck out five and walked none . He also had an RBI single in the second and an RBI single in the fifth	True
He also had an RBI single in the second and an RBI single in the fifth . Wainwright also had an RBI single in the second	True
He also had an RBI single in the second and an RBI single in the fifth . Wainwright also had an RBI single in the second , a two - run sacrifice fly in the third	True
He also had an RBI single in the second and an RBI single in the fifth . Wainwright also had an RBI single in the second , a two - run sacrifice fly in the third and a two - run sacrifice fly in the fifth	False
He struck out five and walked none . He also had two hits and drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the second	True
He also had two hits and drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the second . Wainwright also had an RBI single in the second	True
He also had two hits and drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the second . Wainwright also had an RBI single in the second and a two - run sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Brandon Lyon pitched the ninth	True
Figueroa ( 6 - 4 ) allowed six hits and three walks with five strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings . Brandon Lyon pitched the ninth	True
It was the second grand slam of the season for Kemp , who was acquired in a trade with the New York Mets on July 31 . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Troy Tulowitzki led off with a single and scored on Ian Stewart 's sacrifice fly . Miguel Olivo hit a solo homer in the third	True
Ramon Troncoso ( 2 - 3 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . Ronald Belisario gave up a run in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked three . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Tulowitzki doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Todd Helton . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
Kenley Jansen got four outs for his third save in four chances . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Melvin Mora led off with a double and scored on Carlos Gonzalez 's single . Todd Helton 's two - run homer off Ronald Belisario ( 3 - 1 ) gave the Rockies a 6 - 6 lead in the seventh	True
It was the first home run allowed by Belisario ( 3 - 1 ) , who gave up a tying two - run homer to Dexter Fowler in the seventh inning of a 6 - 5 loss to the Rockies on Wednesday night . Jansen came on in the bottom of the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out eight and walked two . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Rafael Furcal led off with a double and scored on Casey Blake 's two - out single . Blake added a two - out RBI single in the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked four . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Rafael Furcal led off with a double and scored on Blake 's two - run single . Blake added an RBI single in the ninth	True
Ryan Braun had two hits and three RBIs , and Ryan Braun drove in three runs for the Brewers . Jeremy Jeffress ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two innings of one - hit relief , and Trevor Hoffman gave up an RBI single to Ozzie Martinez in the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out four . The Marlins added a run in the eighth	True
Zach Braddock and Kameron Loe pitched scoreless relief . Kameron Loe pitched the eighth	True
Zach Braddock and Kameron Loe pitched scoreless relief . Kameron Loe pitched the eighth and Trevor Hoffman gave up an RBI single to Ozzie Martinez in the ninth	True
The right - hander is 6 - 1 with a 2.28 ERA in his last eight starts at Yankee Stadium . Marcus Thames hit a two - run homer in the second	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Hunter Pence 's RBI double . Houston took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
Jason Bourgeois led off with a double and scored on Hunter Pence 's two - out single . Houston took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
Jason Bourgeois led off with a double and scored on Hunter Pence 's two - out single . Houston took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
Jason Bourgeois led off with a double and scored on Hunter Pence 's two - out single . Houston took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
Jason Bourgeois led off with a double and scored on Hunter Pence 's two - out single . Houston took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
Jim Thome hit a go - ahead homer in the eighth inning and the Twins rallied for a 6 - 4 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Jim Thome and Jim Thome also homered for the Twins , who trailed 4 - 1 in the sixth inning and 4 - 1 in the eighth	True
Jim Thome and Jim Thome also homered for the Twins , who trailed 4 - 1 in the sixth inning and 4 - 1 in the eighth . Glen Perkins ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Glen Perkins ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth to get the win . Matt Capps pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked three and struck out a career - high eight . Shawn Camp got two outs and Kevin Gregg gave up Jose Lopez 's two - out RBI single in the ninth	True
BOSTON -- Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter was n't happy with his team 's latest loss . Luke Scott drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the seventh inning , Luke Scott drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Luke Scott drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the seventh inning , Luke Scott drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the seventh and the Orioles beat the Boston Red Sox 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Luke Scott drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
David Hernandez ( 8 - 8 ) pitched two innings for the win . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth	True
David Hernandez ( 8 - 8 ) earned the win with two innings of one - run relief . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked three . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out four . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Ty Wigginton . The Orioles tied it in the bottom of the first	True
The Orioles tied it in the bottom of the first on RBI singles by Victor Martinez and Bill Hall . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the first	False
The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the first on an RBI single by Victor Martinez . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the first	False
He struck out three and walked two . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ramon Santiago 's two - out RBI single . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ramon Santiago 's two - out RBI single . Betancourt hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Betancourt hit a three - run homer in the fifth to pull Kansas City within 4 - 3 . Betancourt hit a run - scoring single in the fifth	True
Betancourt hit a run - scoring single in the fifth to give Kansas City a 5 - 4 lead . Avila hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 in his last five starts against the Rangers . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
He gave up three homers in a game for the first time this season . The Phillies jumped ahead 1 - 0 on Ian Desmond 's RBI triple in the first	True
Ian Desmond 's RBI triple in the first gave the Nationals a 1 - 0 lead . Ibanez led off the bottom of the second	True
Ibanez led off the bottom of the second with a double and scored on Wilson Valdez 's double to right to give the Phillies a 2 - 1 lead . The Phillies cut it to 5 - 2 in the sixth	True
The Phillies cut it to 5 - 2 in the sixth on Ian Desmond 's two - out RBI single . Philadelphia cut it to 5 - 2 in the sixth	False
Philadelphia cut it to 5 - 2 in the sixth on Ian Desmond 's two - out RBI single . The Phillies cut it to 5 - 2 in the sixth	False
Mike Adams ( 4 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . The Padres took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
The Cardinals tied it in the bottom half on Colby Rasmus ' RBI single , and Pedro Feliz 's RBI single off Ryan Webb in the seventh tied it at 4 . The Padres scored three runs in the seventh	True
The Padres scored three runs in the seventh to tie it at 4 on Colby Rasmus ' RBI single and Pedro Feliz 's run - scoring single off Ryan Webb . The Padres had runners on first	False
The Padres scored three runs in the seventh to tie it at 4 on Colby Rasmus ' RBI single and Pedro Feliz 's run - scoring single off Ryan Webb . The Padres had runners on first and third	False
The Padres scored three runs in the seventh to tie it at 4 on Colby Rasmus ' RBI single and Pedro Feliz 's run - scoring single off Ryan Webb . The Padres had runners on first and third with one out in the seventh	True
The Padres had runners on first and third with one out in the seventh , but Molina grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first	False
The Padres had runners on first and third with one out in the seventh , but Molina grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
The Padres had runners on first and third with one out in the seventh , but Molina grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
Molina matched a career high with five hits and drove in five runs , Yadier Molina had four hits and drove in five runs and the Cardinals routed the San Diego Padres 14 - 4 on Tuesday night . Molina had a career - high four hits , including a two - run single in the second	True
Molina matched a career high with five hits and drove in five runs , Yadier Molina had four hits and drove in five runs and the Cardinals routed the San Diego Padres 14 - 4 on Tuesday night . Molina had a career - high four hits , including a two - run single in the second , and Matt Holliday added a solo homer in the sixth	True
Rodriguez hit a tiebreaking three - run homer in the ninth inning off Koji Uehara , and the Yankees beat the Orioles 4 - 3 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Alex Rodriguez homered twice and drove in four runs , and David Robertson ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Alex Rodriguez homered twice and drove in four runs , and David Robertson ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Mariano Rivera pitched a perfect ninth	True
Mariano Rivera pitched a perfect ninth for his 31st save in 34 tries . Rodriguez hit a solo shot in the second inning and a three - run drive in the ninth	True
Rodriguez hit a solo shot in the second inning and a three - run drive in the ninth off Koji Uehara ( 1 - 2 ) , who allowed three runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . David Robertson ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.99 ERA in his last four starts . Carlos Marmol pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three , walked three and hit a batter . The Marlins went ahead 1 - 0 in the second	True
Rodrigo Lopez ( 6 - 14 ) allowed one run and eight hits in seven innings , striking out four and walking none . Juan Gutierrez pitched the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out four and walked two . Beltre led off the fourth	True
Beltre led off the fourth with his 18th home run of the season to tie the game at 1 . It was Beltre 's second homer of the season and second	False
He struck out four and walked two . Beltre led off the fourth	True
Cano hit a go - ahead homer in the 10th inning , and the Yankees beat the Rays 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Cano hit a two - run homer off Dan Wheeler ( 2 - 3 ) to put the Yankees ahead 7 - 6 in the fifth	True
Cano hit a two - run homer off Dan Wheeler ( 2 - 3 ) to put the Yankees ahead 7 - 6 in the fifth . David Robertson ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Carlos Pena homered for the Rays , who have lost four of five . David Robertson ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Carlos Pena homered and Carl Crawford had two hits for the Rays , who have lost four of five . David Robertson ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Ernesto Frieri ( 1 - 1 ) got one out for the win . Heath Bell pitched the ninth	True
Ernesto Frieri ( 1 - 1 ) got one out for the win . Heath Bell pitched the ninth	True
The Rockies have lost five of six . Ernesto Frieri ( 1 - 1 ) pitched one - third	True
Ernesto Frieri ( 1 - 1 ) pitched one - third of an inning for the win . Heath Bell pitched the ninth	True
Carpenter ( 15 - 6 ) gave up eight runs , six earned , and eight hits in five - plus innings . Peter Moylan ( 6 - 2 ) earned the win with a scoreless eighth	True
Peter Moylan ( 6 - 2 ) earned the win with a scoreless eighth . Billy Wagner pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Carpenter 's homer tied it 1 - 1 in the second	True
Carpenter 's homer tied it 1 - 1 in the second , but the Braves tied it in the bottom half on Derrek Lee 's run - scoring single and Melky Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Holliday . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Holliday . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Holliday . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Heath Bell pitched out of a bases - loaded jam in the ninth	True
He walked none and struck out a season - high 10 . Heath Bell pitched out of a bases - loaded jam in the ninth	True
Marcus Thames hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 7 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . Joba Chamberlain ( 2 - 4 ) pitched a perfect seventh	True
Marcus Thames hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 7 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . Joba Chamberlain ( 2 - 4 ) pitched a perfect seventh for the win , and Mariano Rivera struck out two in a scoreless ninth	True
Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Joba Chamberlain ( 2 - 4 ) pitched a perfect seventh	True
Joba Chamberlain ( 2 - 4 ) pitched a perfect seventh for the win . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth	True
Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Joba Chamberlain ( 2 - 4 ) pitched a perfect seventh	True
Joba Chamberlain ( 2 - 4 ) pitched a perfect seventh for the win . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth	True
The Blue Jays have lost four of five . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
Santana ( 11 - 9 ) allowed one run and three hits in five innings , striking out three and walking one . Hisanori Takahashi pitched the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out three . Hisanori Takahashi pitched the ninth	True
Utley had three hits , including a three - run homer in the second inning off Manny Delcarmen ( 3 - 3 ) . He also had an RBI single in the fifth	True
Utley had three hits , including a three - run homer in the second inning off Manny Delcarmen ( 3 - 3 ) . He also had an RBI single in the fifth and a two - run homer in the seventh	True
He also had an RBI single in the fifth and a two - run homer in the seventh off Joe Beimel . Antonio Bastardo ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs in the seventh	True
Antonio Bastardo ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs in the seventh . Brad Lidge pitched the ninth	True
MINNEAPOLIS -- Danny Valencia had an RBI single in the 10th inning to lift the Minnesota Twins to a 2 - 1 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Danny Valencia had an RBI single in the 10th	True
He has allowed two earned runs or less in each of his last five starts . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
He has allowed two earned runs or less in each of his last five starts . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Jose Morales ' sacrifice fly , but the Tigers tied it in the eighth	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Jose Morales ' sacrifice fly , but the Tigers tied it in the eighth on Jhonny Peralta 's two - out RBI single off Matt Guerrier . Jon Rauch ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 10th	True
He threw 76 of his 106 pitches for strikes . Scherzer retired the first eight batters before Michael Cuddyer singled with one out in the fifth	True
Scherzer then struck out Jason Repko and retired Jason Repko on a fly ball to end the inning . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The right - hander has won his last three starts and is 5 - 0 in his last eight starts . Kenley Jansen pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He walked two and struck out five . The Red Sox took a 4 - 1 lead in the third	True
Delmon Young homered in the second inning for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had an RBI single in the sixth	True
Joe Mauer had an RBI single in the sixth for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had an RBI single in the sixth	False
Joe Mauer had an RBI single in the sixth for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had an RBI single in the sixth	False
Joe Mauer had an RBI single in the sixth for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had an RBI single in the sixth	False
Joe Mauer had an RBI single in the sixth for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer had an RBI single in the sixth	False
He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth	True
Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his ninth save in nine chances . Mike McCoy hit a leadoff homer in the fifth	True
He walked four and struck out four . Mike McCoy hit a leadoff homer in the fifth	True
Jeff Francoeur and Alex Gordon hit back - to - back RBI singles in the eighth inning , and the Royals beat the Twins 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Blake Wood ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win and Joakim Soria worked a perfect ninth	True
Blake Wood ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win and Joakim Soria worked a perfect ninth for his sixth save in seven chances . Blake Wood ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win and Joakim Soria worked a perfect ninth	False
Blake Wood ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Joakim Soria worked a perfect ninth	True
CHICAGO -- Matt Wieters hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the sixth inning , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Chicago White Sox 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Wieters hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning , a two - run double in the seventh	True
CHICAGO -- Matt Wieters hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the sixth inning , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Chicago White Sox 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Wieters hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning , a two - run double in the seventh and a two - run double in the seventh	True
Wieters hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning , a two - run double in the seventh and a two - run double in the seventh off John Danks ( 0 - 4 ) , who gave up five runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . Wieters hit a two - run homer off John Danks ( 0 - 4 ) in the sixth inning and added a two - run double in the seventh	False
He struck out three and walked one . The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Pierzynski and a run - scoring single by Juan Pierre . The White Sox cut it to 3 - 2 in the third	True
He struck out three and walked one . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Alex Avila 's two - out , two - run double . Detroit tied it in the third	True
Detroit tied it in the third on Justin Smoak 's RBI double and Justin Smoak 's run - scoring double . The Mariners tied it in the third	True
The Mariners tied it in the third on Justin Smoak 's RBI double and Justin Smoak 's run - scoring double . The Mariners tied it in the third	False
The Mariners tied it in the third on Justin Smoak 's RBI double and Justin Smoak 's run - scoring double . The Mariners tied it in the third	False
The Mariners tied it in the third on Justin Smoak 's RBI double and Justin Smoak 's run - scoring double . The Mariners tied it in the third	False
The Mariners tied it in the third on Justin Smoak 's RBI double and Justin Smoak 's run - scoring double . The Mariners tied it in the third	False
Jeff Francoeur homered for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Jeff Francoeur homered in the second	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Texas Rangers manager Ron Washington said he did n't want to use closer Darren Oliver in the ninth inning of a game for the first time in his career . The right - hander pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Rangers have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Cody Eppley ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a tying solo homer to Juan Rivera in the seventh	True
Cody Eppley ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a tying solo homer to Juan Rivera in the seventh . Darren Oliver pitched the ninth	True
Darren Oliver pitched the ninth for his second save . Juan Rivera had three hits , including a tying , two - run homer off Cody Eppley ( 1 - 0 ) in the seventh	True
Juan Rivera had three hits and drove in two runs for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Jose Bautista had a two - run double in the fourth	True
Jose Bautista had a two - run double in the fourth for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Jose Bautista had a two - run double in the fourth	False
Jose Bautista had a two - run double in the fourth for the Blue Jays , who have lost six of seven . The Blue Jays had a 6 - 2 lead in the third	True
The Blue Jays had a 6 - 2 lead in the third . Corey Patterson led off with a single , stole second	False
Rivera followed with a two - out , two - run double to pull the Blue Jays within 6 - 5 . Bautista 's two - run double cut the deficit to 6 - 5 in the fourth	True
He struck out two and walked two . Jon Rauch gave up a leadoff homer to Nelson Cruz in the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out three . The Blue Jays had a chance to take the lead in the fourth	True
Omar Infante drove in three runs and Omar Infante drove in three runs for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Mike Dunn ( 1 - 0 ) got one out in the eighth	True
Mike Dunn ( 1 - 0 ) got one out in the eighth for the win . Leo Nunez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Omar Infante drove in three runs for the Marlins , who have won three of four . Mike Dunn ( 1 - 0 ) got one out in the eighth	True
Mike Dunn ( 1 - 0 ) got one out in the eighth for the win . Leo Nunez pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out six and walked three . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
He struck out seven and walked four . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the fifth when Emilio Bonifacio drew a two - out walk and scored on a two - out single by Omar Infante . The Rockies cut the deficit to 3 - 1 in the sixth	True
The Rockies cut the deficit to 3 - 1 in the sixth on a two - out RBI double by Troy Tulowitzki . The Rockies cut the deficit to 3 - 1 in the sixth	False
Boone Logan ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Mariano Rivera gave up an RBI double to Brian Roberts with two outs in the 11th	True
Mariano Rivera gave up an RBI double to Brian Roberts with two outs in the 11th before striking out Mark Reynolds to end it . Mark Reynolds hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Boone Logan ( 1 - 1 ) retired the only batter he faced to earn the win . David Robertson gave up a two - out RBI double to Brian Roberts in the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out three . Raburn 's two - run triple highlighted a three - run fourth	True
Raburn 's two - run triple highlighted a three - run fourth that made it 3 - 0 , and Raburn 's sacrifice fly made it 7 - 0 . Raburn 's RBI single made it 8 - 0 in the sixth	True
Votto hit a solo homer in the ninth inning , and the Reds beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Mike Leake ( 3 - 0 ) gave up three runs and four hits in seven innings , including Stephen Drew 's solo homer in the fifth	True
Florida 's Emilio Bonifacio had two hits and scored a run for the Marlins , who have won six of their past seven games . Florida 's Emilio Bonifacio had two hits , including an RBI single in the third	True
Florida 's Emilio Bonifacio had two hits , including an RBI single in the third for the Marlins , who have won three of four . Florida went ahead 4 - 0 in the second	True
He walked five and struck out three . Carlos Beltran hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
He walked five and struck out three . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He walked five and struck out three . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Michael Bourn singled , stole second	False
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Michael Bourn singled , stole second and scored on Carlos Lee 's two - out single . The Mets made it 2 - 0 in the fourth	True
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Michael Bourn singled , stole second and scored on Carlos Lee 's two - out single . The Mets made it 2 - 0 in the fourth when Bourn singled , stole second	False
The Mets made it 2 - 0 in the fourth when Bourn singled , stole second and scored on Carlos Lee 's double to make it 2 - 0 . The Mets added another run in the seventh	True
The Mets made it 2 - 0 in the fourth when Bourn singled , stole second and scored on Carlos Lee 's double to make it 2 - 0 . The Mets added another run in the seventh when Bourn singled , stole second	False
Joel Hanrahan got the final five outs for his fifth save in five chances . Bruce hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the first inning , and Miguel Cairo added a solo shot in the seventh	True
Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Chad Gaudin ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Chad Gaudin ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Chad Gaudin ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Chad Gaudin ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
He walked two and struck out four . The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the second . Michael Morse led off with a single , stole second	False
He struck out five and walked four . The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the second . Michael Morse led off with a single , stole second	False
The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts , including a 2 - 1 victory over the Chicago White Sox on April 21 . The Mariners scored an unearned run in the eighth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Mariners scored an unearned run in the eighth	True
The Mariners scored an unearned run in the eighth . Chone Figgins led off with a single , stole second	False
Chone Figgins led off with a single , stole second and scored on Adam Kennedy 's sacrifice fly . The Mariners loaded the bases with one out in the eighth	True
He struck out two and walked two . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Kemp 's RBI double in the third cut the Dodgers ' lead to 3 - 2 , but the Cardinals responded with three runs in the bottom half . Pujols led off the fifth	True
He walked four and struck out two . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out five and walked three . The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on Daniel Murphy 's RBI double and Angel Pagan 's sacrifice fly . The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
He walked two and struck out three . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth	True
Pittsburgh starter James McDonald gave up five runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings , walking three and striking out three . The Pirates took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	True
Pittsburgh starter James McDonald gave up five runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings , walking three and striking out three . The Pirates took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a three - run homer by Jose Lopez and a three - run shot by Lopez in the first	True
He has n't allowed a run in his last three starts . The Pirates took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Pirates took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a three - run homer by Lopez and a three - run shot by Jose Lopez . The Pirates took a 5 - 4 lead in the fourth	True
He walked three and struck out three . The Pirates took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	True
Kameron Loe ( 1 - 0 ) got the win with 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief . John Axford pitched the ninth	True
Kameron Loe ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . John Axford pitched the ninth	True
John Axford pitched the ninth for his third save in as many chances . Aramis Ramirez had three hits and three RBIs for Chicago , including a two - run double in the first	True
Kameron Loe ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . John Axford pitched the ninth	True
John Axford pitched the ninth for his third save in as many chances . Aramis Ramirez had three hits and three RBIs for Chicago , including a two - run double in the first	True
He struck out six and walked one . Ryan Langerhans hit a two - run homer off Chad Durbin in the seventh	True
Ryan Langerhans hit a two - run homer off Chad Durbin in the seventh to make it 6 - 3 . Chris Perez pitched a perfect ninth	True
It was the first time he had allowed more than three earned runs in any of his first 10 starts this season . Michael Brantley hit a solo home run in the seventh	True
Russell Martin hit a pair of three - run homers , Robinson Cano and Robinson Cano also went deep , and the Yankees beat the Red Sox 9 - 4 on Tuesday night . Martin hit a three - run homer off Clay Buchholz in the fourth inning and added a solo shot in the sixth	True
He also hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning of Game 1 of the AL Championship Series against the New York Yankees . David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) got the win with 1 2/3 innings of hitless relief , striking out Kevin Youkilis with the bases loaded to end the eighth	True
David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) got the win with 1 2/3 innings of hitless relief , striking out Kevin Youkilis with the bases loaded to end the eighth . Joba Chamberlain pitched a scoreless eighth	True
He walked three and struck out two . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Nick Swisher 's RBI groundout and Nick Swisher 's run - scoring double . Nick Swisher 's RBI double made it 2 - 0 in the second	True
The Red Sox cut it to 2 - 1 in the bottom of the inning on an RBI groundout by Jacoby Ellsbury and a run - scoring groundout by Jacoby Ellsbury . The Red Sox cut it to 2 - 1 in the third	True
Blake Hawksworth ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jonathan Broxton pitched the 11th	True
He struck out three and walked two . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Orlando Hudson 's RBI single and a run - scoring groundout by Ryan Ludwick . The Dodgers tied it in the sixth	True
Todd Coffey ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning to earn the win . Sean Burnett pitched the 11th	True
He struck out five and walked two . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Nick Swisher . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Nick Swisher 's sacrifice fly . The Twins tied it in the fourth	False
He went 0 - for - 5 to drop his average to .500 . Florida went ahead 3 - 0 in the first	True
Florida went ahead 3 - 0 in the first on a two - run homer by Harris and a run - scoring double by Angel Pagan . The Marlins added three more runs in the third	True
Billingsley ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings , struck out four and walked one . Jonathan Broxton pitched a perfect ninth	True
Brandon Belt hit a three - run homer for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Jonathan Broxton pitched a perfect ninth	True
Jonathan Broxton pitched a perfect ninth for his second save . Brandon Belt hit a three - run homer in the fourth	True
He struck out eight and walked three . The Giants took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out eight and walked three . The Giants took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on Brandon Belt 's three - run homer , his first	False
The Giants took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on Brandon Belt 's three - run homer , his first of the season , a three - run shot that put the Giants ahead 3 - 1 . The Giants tied it at 3 in the sixth	True
The Giants tied it at 3 in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by James Loney and a sacrifice fly by James Loney . Belt hit a three - run homer in the fourth	True
Belt hit a three - run homer in the fourth to give the Giants a 3 - 1 lead . Belt hit a three - run homer in the fourth	False
Beltre homered and drove in two runs , Matt Harrison pitched six scoreless innings and the Rangers beat the Kansas City Royals 10 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cruz had three hits , including a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Crawford hit a two - run homer in the third inning off Shaun Marcum ( 6 - 2 ) , who gave up five runs and six hits in six - plus innings . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Crawford hit a two - run homer in the third inning off Shaun Marcum ( 6 - 2 ) , who gave up five runs and six hits in six - plus innings . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third and Jonathan Lucroy had an RBI single in the eighth	True
Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third and Jonathan Lucroy had an RBI single in the eighth for the Brewers . Brian Wilson pitched the ninth	True
Brian Wilson pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third	False
Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third and Jonathan Lucroy had an RBI single in the eighth	False
Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third and Jonathan Lucroy had an RBI single in the eighth . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third	False
Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third for Milwaukee , which has lost four of five . The Brewers got a run back in the bottom of the inning when Nyjer Morgan singled , stole second	False
The Brewers got a run back in the bottom of the inning when Nyjer Morgan singled , stole second and scored on Jonathan Lucroy 's fielder 's choice . Milwaukee added a run in the eighth	True
Milwaukee added a run in the eighth on Jonathan Lucroy 's two - out RBI single off Ramon Ramirez . The Brewers had runners on first	False
Milwaukee added a run in the eighth on Jonathan Lucroy 's two - out RBI single off Ramon Ramirez . The Brewers had runners on first and third	False
Milwaukee added a run in the eighth on Jonathan Lucroy 's two - out RBI single off Ramon Ramirez . The Brewers had runners on first and third with one out in the eighth	True
The Brewers had runners on first and third with one out in the eighth , but Javier Lopez got Prince Fielder to ground out to end the threat . The Brewers had runners on first	False
The Brewers had runners on first and third with one out in the eighth , but Javier Lopez got Prince Fielder to ground out to end the threat . The Brewers had runners on first and second	False
The Brewers had runners on first and third with one out in the eighth , but Javier Lopez got Prince Fielder to ground out to end the threat . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	False
The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Javier Lopez got Prince Fielder to ground out to end the threat . The Brewers had runners on first	False
The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Javier Lopez got Prince Fielder to ground out to end the threat . The Brewers had runners on first and second	False
The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Javier Lopez got Prince Fielder to ground out to end the threat . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	False
Phillips hit a three - run double in the ninth inning and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Phillips had a three - run double in the ninth	True
Phillips had a three - run double in the ninth off Ryan Madson ( 2 - 1 ) to tie the game at 3 . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Domonic Brown 's sacrifice fly and Domonic Brown 's sacrifice fly . Domonic Brown hit a sacrifice fly in the second	True
He walked four and struck out three . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Scott Rolen . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
He walked two and struck out one . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Scott Rolen . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
He struck out six and walked none . Miguel Olivo hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Westbrook ( 4 - 3 ) allowed four hits , walked three and struck out three . Fernando Salas pitched the ninth	True
Fernando Salas pitched the ninth for his sixth save in six chances . Tim Collins ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a one - out single to Jon Jay and a one - out walk to Yadier Molina in the ninth	True
It was Holliday 's third homer of the season and first since July 8 . Fernando Salas pitched the ninth	True
Fernando Salas pitched the ninth for his sixth save in six opportunities . Tim Collins ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a one - out single to Jon Jay and walking Holliday with one out in the eighth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four starts against the Yankees this season . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth	True
David Ortiz homered and Carl Crawford had an RBI single for the Red Sox , who won for just the second time in nine games . Jonathan Papelbon ( 2 - 0 ) worked around a leadoff double in the ninth	True
David Ortiz homered and Carl Crawford had an RBI single for the Red Sox , who won for just the second time in nine games . Jonathan Papelbon ( 2 - 0 ) worked around a leadoff double in the ninth to Brennan Boesch , who homered off Daniel Bard in the eighth	True
Jonathan Papelbon ( 2 - 0 ) worked around a leadoff double in the ninth to Brennan Boesch , who homered off Daniel Bard in the eighth to tie it 3 - all . Jonathan Papelbon ( 2 - 0 ) earned the win with a scoreless ninth	True
Jonathan Papelbon ( 2 - 0 ) earned the win with a scoreless ninth . Miguel Cabrera hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Jonathan Papelbon ( 2 - 0 ) earned the win with a scoreless ninth	True
Jonathan Papelbon ( 2 - 0 ) earned the win with a scoreless ninth . Miguel Cabrera hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Detroit starter Josh Beckett allowed one run and five hits in six innings , striking out three and walking two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Andy Dirks ' RBI single . The Red Sox tied it in the second	True
The Red Sox tied it in the second on Carl Crawford 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox tied it in the second	False
The Red Sox tied it in the second on Carl Crawford 's sacrifice fly . They tied it in the second	True
They tied it in the second on Carl Crawford 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the second	True
The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the second on Carl Crawford 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the second	False
Boston 's Phil Coke pitched seven scoreless innings , allowing three hits , striking out four and walking one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the eighth	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the eighth on Jarrod Saltalamacchia 's RBI double off Daniel Schlereth ( 0 - 1 ) . Daniel Bard ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Daniel Bard ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
Phil Coke pitched seven innings of three - hit ball for the Tigers , striking out four and walking one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the eighth	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the eighth on Jarrod Saltalamacchia 's two - out RBI double off Daniel Schlereth ( 0 - 1 ) . Daniel Bard ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Daniel Bard ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
Detroit starter Phil Coke pitched seven innings , allowing three hits , striking out four and walking one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the eighth	True
Cory Gearrin ( 1 - 1 ) earned the win with a scoreless 11th inning . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh	True
Bautista hit three home runs and drove in four runs , and the Blue Jays beat the Minnesota Twins 11 - 3 on Tuesday night . Bautista hit a two - run double in the first inning and a two - run single in the third	True
Bautista hit a two - run double in the first inning and a two - run single in the third . He also hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Bautista hit a two - run double in the first inning and a two - run single in the third . He also hit a two - run homer in the sixth and added a two - run shot in the sixth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Blue Jays this season . Bautista hit a two - run double in the first	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Blue Jays this season . Bautista hit a two - run double in the first and a two - run single in the third	True
Bautista hit a two - run double in the first and a two - run single in the third . He added a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Chris Johnson followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 0 . The Mets cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the third	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Orioles took a 2 - 0 lead on Joyce 's two - run homer in the second	True
Seattle got a runner to third base in the first inning but failed to score . The Mariners loaded the bases with two outs in the seventh	True
He has a 3.25 ERA in his past three starts . The Dodgers scored four runs in the sixth	True
Kemp hit a two - out , three - run homer off Kevin Correia ( 5 - 3 ) to make it 4 - 0 . The Dodgers added a run in the seventh	True
The Dodgers added a run in the seventh on a bases - loaded walk to Jerry Sands . The Dodgers added a run in the eighth	False
The Dodgers added a run in the eighth on a bases - loaded walk to Jerry Sands . The Dodgers added a run in the eighth	False
The Dodgers added a run in the eighth on a bases - loaded walk to Jerry Sands . The Dodgers added a run in the eighth	False
TORONTO -- Justin Verlander did n't need much run support for the Detroit Tigers . Verlander threw a no - hitter for his second	False
He threw 74 of 108 pitches for strikes . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a bases - loaded walk to Scott Sizemore and Victor Martinez 's run - scoring groundout . Victor Martinez hit a run - scoring groundout in the third	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a bases - loaded walk to Scott Sizemore and Victor Martinez 's run - scoring groundout . Victor Martinez hit a run - scoring groundout in the third and Avila hit a two - run homer off Romero in the fourth	True
Victor Martinez hit a run - scoring groundout in the third and Avila hit a two - run homer off Romero in the fourth . The Tigers added three more in the ninth	False
Pena hit a game - ending RBI single with two outs in the ninth inning , lifting the Cubs to a 3 - 2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Carlos Pena hit a tying homer in the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked three . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh	True
He struck out three and walked two . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh	True
He struck out five and walked three . Brandon Guyer hit a two - run homer off Zach Britton ( 5 - 2 ) in the second inning and Brandon Guyer added a two - run shot in the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked two . Jose Valverde gave up an RBI single to Brett Gardner in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Brandon Inge . The Yankees tied it in the sixth	True
Ramon Santiago led off with a double and scored on Brandon Inge 's sacrifice fly . Boesch hit a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Boesch hit a sacrifice fly in the seventh , and Boesch 's sacrifice fly made it 3 - 2 . Boesch hit a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Boesch hit a sacrifice fly in the seventh , and Boesch 's sacrifice fly made it 3 - 2 . Boesch hit a sacrifice fly in the seventh , and Boesch hit a sacrifice fly in the seventh	False
Boesch hit a sacrifice fly in the seventh , and Boesch hit a sacrifice fly in the seventh to make it 6 - 2 . Jose Valverde gave up an RBI single to Brett Gardner in the ninth	False
Jose Valverde gave up an RBI single to Brett Gardner in the ninth , but struck out Nick Swisher to end it . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He threw 74 of 102 pitches for strikes . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Dan Uggla and a run - scoring single by Dan Uggla . The Braves added two runs in the fourth	True
McLouth then hit a drive to left - center for a 5 - 0 lead . McLouth added a run - scoring double in the fourth	True
McLouth then hit a drive to left - center for a 5 - 0 lead . McLouth added a run - scoring double in the fourth , and Martin Prado drove in a run with a single in the fifth	True
McLouth added a run - scoring double in the fourth , and Martin Prado drove in a run with a single in the fifth . McLouth added a two - run single in the eighth	True
Vernon Wells had a career - high four hits , including a go - ahead homer in the sixth inning , and Hank Conger added a two - run shot for the Angels , who have won four of five . Hisanori Takahashi ( 2 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the sixth	True
Laynce Nix homered and had four hits for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Hisanori Takahashi ( 2 - 1 ) allowed an unearned run in one - third	True
Hisanori Takahashi ( 2 - 1 ) allowed an unearned run in one - third of an inning for the Angels , who took two of three from the NL West leaders . Laynce Nix had four hits for the Nationals , including a solo homer in the sixth	True
Laynce Nix hit a solo homer in the sixth inning for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ryan Zimmerman 's RBI single . The Nationals took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
The Nationals tied it in the bottom half on Callaspo 's RBI double . The Angels took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
He walked one and struck out three . Joel Hanrahan worked the ninth	True
Romero ( 7 - 7 ) allowed four hits , struck out five and walked two in his first career complete game . He also had an RBI single in the sixth	True
Romero ( 7 - 7 ) allowed four hits , struck out five and walked two in his third career complete game . He also had an RBI single in the sixth	True
Aramis Ramirez and Geovany Soto homered for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Greg Holland ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win and Joakim Soria struck out the side in the ninth	True
Greg Holland ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win and Joakim Soria struck out the side in the ninth for his 12th save in 13 opportunities . Jeff Samardzija ( 5 - 4 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in one - third	True
Jeff Samardzija ( 5 - 4 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in one - third of an inning . Greg Holland ( 2 - 1 ) worked a spotless eighth	True
Greg Holland ( 2 - 1 ) worked a spotless eighth for the win . Joakim Soria struck out the side in the ninth	True
Aramis Ramirez homered and Reed Johnson had two hits for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Greg Holland ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a spotless eighth	True
Greg Holland ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a spotless eighth for the win . Joakim Soria struck out the side in the ninth	True
PHILADELPHIA -- Jimmy Rollins got a standing ovation when he came to the plate with two outs in the ninth inning , and the Philadelphia Phillies needed a win . Pinch-hitter Ben Francisco hit an RBI single with two outs in the bottom of the ninth	True
Pinch-hitter Ben Francisco hit an RBI single with two outs in the bottom of the ninth to lift the Phillies to a 1 - 0 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Pinch-hitter Ben Francisco had an RBI single with two outs in the bottom of the ninth	False
Pinch-hitter Ben Francisco had an RBI single with two outs in the bottom of the ninth off Brian Fuentes ( 1 - 8 ) . Michael Stutes ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out two and walked three . The A 's had runners on second	False
He struck out two and walked three . The A 's had runners on second and third	False
He struck out two and walked three . The A 's had runners on second and third with one out in the fifth	True
The A 's had runners on second and third with one out in the fifth , but Worley struck out Scott Sizemore and Scott Sizemore to end the inning . The A 's had runners on first	False
The A 's had runners on second and third with one out in the fifth , but Worley struck out Scott Sizemore and Scott Sizemore to end the inning . The A 's had runners on first and second	False
The A 's had runners on second and third with one out in the fifth , but Worley struck out Scott Sizemore and Scott Sizemore to end the inning . The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Worley struck out Scott Sizemore and Scott Sizemore to end the inning . The A 's had runners on first	False
The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Worley struck out Scott Sizemore and Scott Sizemore to end the inning . The A 's had runners on first and second	False
The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Worley struck out Scott Sizemore and Scott Sizemore to end the inning . The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the third	False
The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Worley struck out Scott Sizemore and Scott Sizemore to end the inning . The A 's had runners on first	False
The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Worley struck out Scott Sizemore and Scott Sizemore to end the inning . The A 's had runners on first and second	False
The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Worley struck out Scott Sizemore and Scott Sizemore to end the inning . The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the fifth	True
The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the fifth , but Worley struck out Scott Sizemore and got Cliff Pennington to fly out to center to end the inning . The A 's had runners on first	False
The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the fifth , but Worley struck out Scott Sizemore and got Cliff Pennington to fly out to center to end the inning . The A 's had runners on first and third	False
The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the fifth , but Worley struck out Scott Sizemore and got Cliff Pennington to fly out to center to end the inning . The A 's had runners on first and third with one out in the fifth	False
Cliff Pennington hit a go - ahead double and scored the go - ahead run on Cliff Pennington 's double in the fifth inning , leading the A 's to a 4 - 2 victory over the Giants on Tuesday night . Daric Barton hit an RBI double and scored on Hideki Matsui 's two - out single in the fifth	True
Brad Ziegler ( 2 - 0 ) got one out for the win . Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out three . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth on Aubrey Huff 's sacrifice fly and Aubrey Huff 's sacrifice fly . The Giants had runners on first	False
The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth on Aubrey Huff 's sacrifice fly and Aubrey Huff 's sacrifice fly . The Giants had runners on first and second	False
The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth on Aubrey Huff 's sacrifice fly and Aubrey Huff 's sacrifice fly . The Giants had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
The Giants had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Moscoso struck out Pablo Sandoval and Cody Ross to end the threat . The Giants had runners on first	False
The Giants had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Moscoso struck out Pablo Sandoval and Cody Ross to end the threat . The Giants had runners on first and second	False
The Giants had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Moscoso struck out Pablo Sandoval and Cody Ross to end the threat . The Giants had runners on first and second with one out in the third	False
Brian Duensing ( 4 - 6 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in six innings for the Twins . Matt Capps pitched the ninth	True
ATLANTA -- Josh Hamilton had four hits and drove in three runs , Colby Lewis struck out 10 in 6 2/3 innings and the Texas Rangers beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hamilton 's two - run homer in the fifth inning off Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Rangers a 3 - 1 lead , and Nelson Cruz hit a two - run double in the fifth	True
He walked two and struck out two . Brian McCann hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Brian McCann hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Braves , who have lost five of six . The Braves scored in the second	True
The Braves scored in the second when Elvis Andrus led off with a double and scored on Hamilton 's double . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Cruz 's RBI double . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Cruz 's RBI double . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Young singled , stole second	False
The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Young singled , stole second and scored on Hamilton 's double . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Young singled , stole second and scored on Hamilton 's double . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Young singled , stole second	False
The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Young singled , stole second and scored on Hamilton 's double . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
He has allowed two earned runs or less in five of his six starts this season . Brandon League pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked two . Suzuki had three hits , including an RBI triple in the third inning and a run - scoring single in the seventh	True
Suzuki had three hits , including an RBI triple in the third inning and a run - scoring single in the seventh . Miguel Olivo added a solo homer in the eighth	True
Miguel Olivo added a solo homer in the eighth for Seattle . Brandon League pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked two . Suzuki had three hits , including a run - scoring triple in the third	True
He struck out three and walked two . Suzuki had three hits , including a run - scoring triple in the third , and Ryan added an RBI single in the seventh	True
Suzuki had three hits , including a run - scoring triple in the third , and Ryan added an RBI single in the seventh . Suzuki had three hits , including an RBI triple in the third	False
Suzuki had three hits , including a run - scoring triple in the third , and Ryan added an RBI single in the seventh . Suzuki had three hits , including an RBI triple in the third , and Ryan added an RBI single in the seventh	False
He struck out five and walked three . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Blake DeWitt doubled and scored on DJ LeMahieu 's single . Johnson followed with a three - run homer to cut it to 5 - 4 , but the Cubs answered with three runs in the fourth	True
Johnson followed with a three - run homer to cut it to 5 - 4 , but the Cubs answered with three runs in the fourth . Fielder walked , stole second	False
Fielder walked , stole second and scored on Hart 's single to give the Brewers a 2 - 1 lead . Fielder walked , stole second	False
He struck out six and walked two . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Blake DeWitt doubled and scored on a two - out single by Johnson . The Cubs added another run in the fifth	True
The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Blake DeWitt doubled and scored on a two - out single by Johnson . The Cubs added another run in the fifth when Fielder walked , stole second	False
He walked four and struck out a season - high 12 . Frank Francisco pitched the ninth	True
Wells homered twice and drove in three runs , Dan Haren pitched six effective innings and the Angels beat the Mariners 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Wells hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning off Jason Vargas ( 4 - 4 ) and drove in three runs , including a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Wells hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning off Jason Vargas ( 4 - 4 ) and drove in three runs , including a two - run homer in the seventh off Jason Vargas ( 4 - 4 ) . Wells hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Jordan Walden pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out six and walked two . The Mariners took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth	True
He walked a season - high seven and struck out five . The Phillies jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the first	True
He walked a season - high seven and struck out five . Aramis Ramirez hit a two - run single off J. C. Romero to cut it to 7 - 5 in the eighth	True
Olivo hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the 10th inning and the Seattle Mariners beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Olivo hit a two - run double off Sergio Santos ( 2 - 2 ) in the 10th	True
Olivo hit a two - run double off Sergio Santos ( 2 - 2 ) in the 10th to give the Mariners a 6 - 4 lead . Aaron Laffey ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Olivo hit a two - run double off Sergio Santos ( 2 - 2 ) in the 10th to give the Mariners a 6 - 4 lead . Aaron Laffey ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win and Brandon League pitched a perfect 10th	True
Aaron Laffey ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win and Brandon League pitched a perfect 10th for his 17th save in 19 chances . Carlos Quentin hit two home runs for Chicago , including a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Carlos Quentin hit two home runs for Chicago , including a two - run shot in the eighth off Jamey Wright . Aaron Laffey ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Aaron Laffey ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Brandon League pitched the 10th	True
He struck out four and walked one . Brandon League pitched the 10th	True
Brandon League pitched the 10th for his 17th save in 19 chances . Quentin hit a two - out , two - run homer off Jamey Wright in the eighth	True
Quentin hit a two - out , two - run homer off Jamey Wright in the eighth to tie it at 4 . It was Quentin 's second multi - homer game of the season and second	False
He also hit a two - run shot in Chicago 's 4 - 3 win over the White Sox on Tuesday . Quentin hit a solo homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Quentin hit a solo homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the eighth off Jamey Wright to tie it at 4 . It was Quentin 's second multi - homer game of the season and second	False
Westbrook ( 6 - 3 ) allowed eight hits and three runs -- two earned -- with three walks and three strikeouts in 5 1/3 innings . Fernando Salas gave up a two - out RBI double to Chris Johnson in the ninth	True
Houston starter Brett Myers ( 2 - 5 ) allowed six hits and five runs -- five earned -- in six innings . He was replaced by Enerio Del Rosario , who gave up Berkman 's homer in the eighth	True
The Blue Jays scored three runs in the first inning , including a two - run homer by J. P. Arencibia and a two - run shot by J. P. Arencibia . Jayson Nix had an RBI double in the second	True
Jayson Nix had an RBI double in the second and scored on Lind 's sacrifice fly . The Royals cut the deficit to 4 - 2 in the third	True
The Royals cut the deficit to 4 - 2 in the third on Billy Butler 's run - scoring infield single and a run - scoring single by Billy Butler . The Royals cut the lead to 6 - 4 in the fifth	True
The Royals cut the lead to 6 - 4 in the fifth on Billy Butler 's run - scoring groundout , Francoeur 's RBI groundout and Billy Butler 's run - scoring single . The Royals cut the deficit to 6 - 5 in the sixth	False
The Royals cut the deficit to 6 - 5 in the sixth on a run - scoring groundout by Francoeur and a run - scoring single by Francoeur . The Royals scored three times in the fifth	True
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Matt Capps pitched the ninth	True
Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third inning , and the Brewers beat the Florida Marlins 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third inning , and Rickie Weeks hit a solo shot in the 11th	True
Norris ( 3 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out six and walked two . Mark Melancon worked the ninth	True
-- Billy Butler 's two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning lifted the Kansas City Royals to a 2 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Friday night . Butler hit a two - out , two - run homer off Scott Downs ( 3 - 2 ) in the bottom of the ninth	True
He was 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his previous five starts . The Dodgers ' bullpen gave up a run in the eighth	True
The right - hander struck out six and walked four . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Justin Upton drove in three runs with a bases - loaded double in the sixth inning and Micah Owings ( 5 - 0 ) gave up four runs and six hits in five - plus innings . J. J. Putz worked the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts with a 4.15 ERA . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Willie Bloomquist . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Willie Bloomquist . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Willie Bloomquist . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Willie Bloomquist . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Willie Bloomquist . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Willie Bloomquist . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Padres scored four runs in the first inning , including a two - run double by Ryan Ludwick and a two - run double by Alberto Gonzalez . The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the bottom of the first	True
He struck out two and walked one . Neftali Feliz pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Eric Hinske hit an RBI double and scored on Eric Hinske 's double . Atlanta took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked three . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Eric Hinske hit an RBI double and scored on a double by Eric Hinske . The Pirates tied it in the second	True
Xavier Paul led off with a double and scored on McCutchen 's single to center . The Pirates tied it in the second	True
Xavier Paul led off with a double and scored on McCutchen 's single to center . The Pirates tied it in the second	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth	True
Paul Konerko hit a two - run homer for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Paul Konerko hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Paul Konerko hit a two - run homer in the first for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Adam Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Adam Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Paul Konerko hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He struck out six and walked one . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Konerko hit a two - out , two - run homer off Verlander to give the White Sox a 2 - 0 lead . The White Sox cut it to 2 - 1 in the fourth	True
He struck out six and walked one . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
CHICAGO -- Marlon Byrd had four hits , including a game - winning single in the 10th inning , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Houston Astros 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Soto , who had three hits , singled in the winning run in the 10th	True
Soto , who had three hits , singled in the winning run in the 10th to tie the game at 4 . Soto , who had three hits , drove in the winning run with a single off Wilton Lopez in the eighth	True
Soto , who had three hits , drove in the winning run with a single off Wilton Lopez in the eighth . John Grabow ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
John Grabow ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Carlos Lee hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Carlos Lee hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Astros , who have lost four of five . John Grabow ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
He struck out nine and walked three . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Clint Barmes ' first career home run , a solo shot to left - center . The Cubs tied it in the second	True
The Cubs tied it in the second on a double by Byrd and a run - scoring single by Alfonso Soriano . The Cubs cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the fifth	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Antonio Bastardo pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Antonio Bastardo pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Antonio Bastardo pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Byrd led off with a homer to left - center . The Astros had runners on first	False
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Byrd led off with a homer to left - center . The Astros had runners on first and second	False
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Byrd led off with a homer to left - center . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the fourth	True
Mike Moustakas hit a game - ending double in the 10th inning , and the Royals rallied to beat the Rays 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Royals trailed 4 - 2 in the sixth	True
Alex Gordon , who had three hits , drove in the tying run with a double off Brandon Gomes ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his major league debut . Joakim Soria ( 5 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Craig Kimbrel pitched a hitless ninth	True
Dexter Fowler hit a two - run triple and scored on Dexter Fowler 's double to give the Rockies a 9 - 6 lead . Craig Kimbrel pitched a hitless ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth	True
He walked pinch - hitter Ryan Spilborghs and pinch - hitter Ty Wigginton , but pinch - hitter Ty Wigginton grounded out to end the game . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Carlos Gonzalez led off with his 21st home run of the season , a drive that bounced off the top of the right - field wall . The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Astros ' 3 - 2 win over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night gave the Astros their first three - game winning streak of the season . Humberto Quintero led off the 11th	True
The Astros ' 3 - 2 win over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night gave the Astros their first three - game winning streak of the season . Humberto Quintero led off the 11th with a single against Todd Coffey ( 3 - 1 ) and advanced to third	False
Houston starter Livan Hernandez yielded seven hits and two runs with one walk in six innings . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Carlos Lee . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Jason Michaels . The Nationals tied it in the sixth	True
The Nationals tied it in the sixth when Michael Morse led off with a double and scored on a single by Werth to make it 1 - 0 . The Nationals tied it in the sixth	True
The Nationals tied it in the sixth when Michael Morse singled with one out and scored on a single by Werth to make it 1 - 0 . The Nationals tied it in the sixth	True
Helton hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and the Colorado Rockies rallied to beat the Atlanta Braves 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Helton hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Helton hit a two - run homer in the first to give the Rockies a 2 - 0 lead . It was his first homer of the season , a two - run shot that made it 2 - 0 in the first	True
It was his first homer of the season , a two - run shot that made it 2 - 0 in the first . Carlos Gonzalez had an RBI double in the second	True
It was his first homer of the season , a two - run shot that made it 2 - 0 in the first . Carlos Gonzalez had an RBI double in the second and Helton added a run - scoring single in the ninth	False
Carlos Gonzalez had an RBI double in the second and Helton added a run - scoring single in the ninth . Huston Street ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Huston Street ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Eric O'Flaherty ( 1 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up a one - out single to Carlos Gonzalez in the ninth	True
Carlos Gonzalez followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 2 . Huston Street ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Dexter Fowler led off with a double and scored on Carlos Gonzalez 's double . The Rockies cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the second	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He threw 112 pitches . Javy Guerra pitched a perfect ninth	True
Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 2 ) allowed a run and two hits in 1 2/3 innings of relief . Jordan Walden pitched the ninth	True
Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 2 ) gave up a run and two hits in 1 2/3 innings of relief . Jordan Walden pitched the ninth	True
Howie Kendrick had three hits and drove in a pair of runs for the Angels , who have won four of five . Jordan Walden pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Michael Morse hit a two - run homer in the third	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.37 ERA in his last four starts . Joel Hanrahan worked a perfect ninth	True
Sergio Escalona ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Mark Melancon worked a perfect ninth	True
Neil Walker went 4 for 5 with a homer and four RBIs for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Sergio Escalona ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Sergio Escalona ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Mark Melancon worked a perfect ninth	True
Zimmermann ( 6 - 7 ) allowed four hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter in 6 1/3 innings . Drew Storen pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.29 ERA in his last four starts . Jordan Walden got the final out in the ninth	True
The right - hander , who had won his previous three starts , struck out six and walked one in seven innings . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Bautista hit a 1 - 0 pitch from Chris Perez ( 2 - 4 ) into the right - field seats for his first homer of the season . It was the second multihomer game of Bautista 's career and the second	False
It was the second multihomer game of Bautista 's career and the second of his career . It was the second multihomer game of Bautista 's career and the second	False
It was the second multihomer game of Bautista 's career and the second of his career . Jon Rauch ( 3 - 3 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the ninth	True
Jon Rauch ( 3 - 3 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the ninth . Shawn Camp pitched the 10th	True
Shawn Camp pitched the 10th for his first save . Bautista hit a solo homer off Chris Perez ( 2 - 1 ) leading off the 10th	True
Bautista hit a solo homer off Chris Perez ( 2 - 1 ) leading off the 10th . It was the second multihomer game of Bautista 's career and the second	False
It was the second multihomer game of Bautista 's career and the second of his career . Jon Rauch ( 3 - 3 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the ninth	True
Jon Rauch ( 3 - 3 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the ninth . Shawn Camp pitched the 10th	True
He struck out eight and walked two . Shawn Camp pitched the 10th	True
Shawn Camp pitched the 10th for his first save . Bautista hit a solo homer in the third	True
Shawn Camp pitched the 10th for his first save . Bautista hit a solo homer in the third and a run - scoring double in the fourth	True
Hafner hit a game - ending grand slam in the ninth inning , lifting the Cleveland Indians to a 5 - 4 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Hafner had a career - high four RBIs , including a grand slam off Luis Perez ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth	True
The Blue Jays have lost three straight and five of six . Tony Sipp ( 4 - 1 ) allowed a run in the ninth	True
Tony Sipp ( 4 - 1 ) allowed a run in the ninth . Jose Bautista hit a solo homer off Tony Sipp ( 4 - 1 ) in the top of the ninth	False
Jose Bautista hit a solo homer off Tony Sipp ( 4 - 1 ) in the top of the ninth to make it 4 - 0 . Tony Sipp ( 4 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a homer to Jose Bautista in the top of the ninth	False
Tony Sipp ( 4 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a homer to Jose Bautista in the top of the ninth . Tony Sipp ( 4 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a homer to Jose Bautista in the top of the ninth	False
Javier Lopez ( 4 - 1 ) struck out three in two perfect innings for the win . Pat Neshek ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up a leadoff homer to Schierholtz in the 14th	True
Javier Lopez ( 4 - 1 ) struck out three in two perfect innings for the win . Pat Neshek ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up a leadoff homer to Schierholtz in the 14th	True
He struck out nine and walked one . The Padres took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out three and walked two . Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Angels ' bullpen has allowed two runs or fewer in 11 of 12 games , including a 1 - 2 - 3 eighth inning . Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . Howie Kendrick hit a two - run single in the first	True
Howie Kendrick drove in two runs for the Angels , who have lost five of six . Howie Kendrick had a two - run single in the first	True
Howie Kendrick had a two - run single in the first for the Angels , who have lost five of six . Howie Kendrick had a two - run single in the first	False
Howie Kendrick had a two - run single in the first for the Angels , who have lost five of six . Howie Kendrick had a two - run single in the first	False
He struck out two and walked three . Heath Bell gave up a run in the ninth	True
Pablo Sandoval homered and drove in two runs for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Pablo Sandoval hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
He walked one and struck out eight . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Toronto tied it in the bottom half when John McDonald doubled home Corey Patterson , who led off the inning with a single . Bautista cut it to 1 - 1 with a leadoff homer in the bottom half , but the Phillies reclaimed the lead in the fifth	True
Daniel Schlereth ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth	True
Royals starter Nate Adcock gave up two runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Ramon Santiago . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Ramon Santiago . The Royals tied it in the second	True
The Royals tied it in the second when Alex Gordon led off with a double and scored on Melky Cabrera 's double . Billy Butler 's RBI double made it 3 - 2 in the sixth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts against the Rangers . Kyle Farnsworth gave up an RBI single to David Murphy with two outs in the ninth	True
The right - hander struck out three , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Johnny Damon hit a solo homer off Koji Uehara in the seventh	True
Ted Lilly ( 9 - 13 ) gave up two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings , striking out three and walking four . Javy Guerra worked the ninth	True
Wade LeBlanc ( 2 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out three and walked one . The right - hander had an RBI single in the first	True
Wade LeBlanc ( 2 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out three and walked one . The right - hander had an RBI single in the first , a two - run homer in the second	True
Wade LeBlanc ( 2 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out three and walked one . The right - hander had an RBI single in the first , a two - run homer in the second and a run - scoring single in the fourth	True
Ted Lilly ( 9 - 13 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 2/3 innings , struck out three and walked four . Javy Guerra worked the ninth	True
Wade LeBlanc ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out three and walked one . The right - hander had an RBI single in the first	True
Wade LeBlanc ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out three and walked one . The right - hander had an RBI single in the first , a two - run homer in the second inning and a run - scoring single in the fourth	True
Dickey ( 6 - 11 ) allowed seven hits , walked one and struck out six . Bobby Parnell gave up Gaby Sanchez 's leadoff homer in the ninth	True
Anibal Sanchez ( 7 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Gaby Sanchez hit a solo homer off Bobby Parnell in the ninth	True
Anibal Sanchez ( 7 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Gaby Sanchez hit a solo homer off Bobby Parnell in the ninth , and Gaby Sanchez hit a solo shot off Bobby Parnell in the ninth	False
Gaby Sanchez hit a solo homer off Bobby Parnell in the ninth , and Gaby Sanchez hit a solo shot off Bobby Parnell in the ninth . Parnell retired the side in the ninth	False
He struck out five and walked four . Gaby Sanchez hit a solo homer off Dickey in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked four . Gaby Sanchez hit a solo homer off Dickey in the ninth , and Gaby Sanchez hit a solo shot off Bobby Parnell in the ninth	False
Gaby Sanchez hit a solo homer off Dickey in the ninth , and Gaby Sanchez hit a solo shot off Bobby Parnell in the ninth . Parnell retired the side in the ninth	False
He struck out five and walked four . Sanchez hit a leadoff homer in the ninth	True
Carlos Beltran hit an RBI single with two outs in the 10th inning , and the Giants beat the Astros 2 - 1 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Mark DeRosa led off the 10th	True
Carlos Beltran hit an RBI single with two outs in the 10th inning , and the Giants beat the Astros 2 - 1 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Mark DeRosa led off the 10th with a single off Fernando Rodriguez ( 2 - 3 ) and went to third	False
Wilton Lopez relieved Fernando Rodriguez ( 2 - 3 ) and gave up an RBI single to Carlos Beltran . Jeremy Affeldt ( 3 - 2 ) got the final two outs of the 10th	True
Jeremy Affeldt ( 3 - 2 ) got the final two outs of the 10th to earn the win . Jeremy Affeldt ( 3 - 2 ) got two outs in the 10th	True
Guillermo Mota , Guillermo Mota and Guillermo Mota each pitched a scoreless inning for San Francisco . Jeremy Affeldt ( 3 - 2 ) got the final two outs of the 10th	True
He struck out seven and walked three . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Darwin Barney and Darwin Barney also homered for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Sean Marshall ( 6 - 5 ) pitched a perfect 10th	True
Yadier Molina hit a two - run homer and Yadier Molina hit a two - run shot for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Sean Marshall ( 6 - 5 ) pitched a perfect 10th	True
Yadier Molina hit a two - run homer and David Freese also went deep for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Sean Marshall ( 6 - 5 ) pitched a perfect 10th	True
Sean Marshall ( 6 - 5 ) pitched a perfect 10th for the win . Yadier Molina hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Sean Marshall ( 6 - 5 ) pitched a perfect 10th for the win . Yadier Molina hit a two - run homer in the second , and David Freese added a solo shot in the fourth	True
Yadier Molina hit a two - run homer in the second , and David Freese added a solo shot in the fourth to make it 4 - 1 . David Freese hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Hunter hit two home runs and drove in five runs , Dan Haren pitched seven solid innings and the Angels beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hunter hit a three - run homer off Jo-Jo Reyes ( 6 - 10 ) in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh	True
Hunter hit a three - run homer off Jo-Jo Reyes ( 6 - 10 ) in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh , giving the Angels a 7 - 3 lead . Hunter added a two - run shot off Willie Eyre in the seventh	True
The right - hander struck out six and walked three . The Orioles got a run back in the fifth	True
Pena hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Chicago Cubs beat the Atlanta Braves 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the sixth and scored on Tyler Colvin 's two - run single to give the Cubs a 6 - 5 lead . John Grabow ( 3 - 0 ) gave up an unearned run in the sixth	True
Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the sixth and scored on Tyler Colvin 's two - run single to give the Cubs a 6 - 5 lead . John Grabow ( 3 - 0 ) gave up an unearned run in the sixth , and Carlos Marmol worked the ninth	True
Michael Bourn had three hits and drove in two runs for the Braves , who have lost four of five . John Grabow ( 3 - 0 ) gave up an unearned run in the sixth	True
John Grabow ( 3 - 0 ) gave up an unearned run in the sixth . Carlos Marmol worked the ninth	False
Michael Bourn had three hits and two RBIs for the Braves , who have lost three of four . John Grabow ( 3 - 0 ) gave up an unearned run in the sixth	True
John Grabow ( 3 - 0 ) gave up an unearned run in the sixth . Carlos Marmol worked the ninth	False
Michael Bourn had three hits and two RBIs for the Braves , who have lost three of four . Michael Bourn had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the second	True
Michael Bourn had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the second . Bourn had a run - scoring single in the fourth	True
He walked two and struck out three . The Blue Jays jumped on Weaver for three runs in the first	True
Yunel Escobar led off with a double and scored on John McDonald 's double . Encarnacion followed with a two - run homer to left , his 15th	False
He walked four and struck out five . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
He walked four and struck out five . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Rick Ankiel and a run - scoring single by Jayson Werth . The Nationals cut it to 2 - 1 in the second	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Rick Ankiel and a run - scoring single by Jayson Werth . The Nationals cut it to 2 - 1 in the second on an RBI single by Wilson Valdez , but the Nationals made it 2 - 0 in the second	True
Rodrigo Lopez ( 3 - 3 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and five hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Cubs . Carlos Marmol struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Carlos Marmol struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Cubs tied it in the bottom half on Johnson 's leadoff homer . The Cubs tied it at 1 in the second	True
The Cubs tied it at 1 in the second on Soto 's leadoff homer . The Cubs tied it at 1 in the second	False
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Matt Joyce and the Tampa Bay Rays took advantage of the Kansas City Royals ' late - inning rally to beat the Royals 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Joyce hit a solo homer in the fifth inning and drove in the tying run with a single in the eighth	True
Joyce hit a solo homer in the fifth inning and drove in the tying run with a single in the eighth . The Rays , who have lost four of five , took a 7 - 3 lead in the top of the ninth	False
The Rays , who have lost four of five , took a 7 - 3 lead in the top of the ninth on Johnny Giavotella 's RBI triple and a sacrifice fly by Salvador Perez . Jake McGee ( 1 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up two runs in one - third	True
Melky Cabrera had a career - high five RBIs , including a three - run homer , and five RBIs for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Jake McGee ( 1 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up two runs in the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Royals took a 4 - 2 lead in the seventh	True
Abreu hit a pair of two - run homers , including a two - run shot off Mariano Rivera in the ninth inning , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the New York Yankees 6 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . Abreu hit a two - run homer off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth inning and a two - run shot off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth	True
Abreu hit a two - run homer off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth inning and a two - run shot off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth to give the Angels a 6 - 4 lead . Abreu hit a two - run homer off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth inning and a two - run shot off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth	False
Abreu hit a two - run homer off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth inning and a two - run shot off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth to give the Angels a 6 - 4 lead . Abreu hit a two - run homer off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth inning and a two - run shot off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth	False
Abreu hit a two - run homer off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth inning and a two - run shot off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Abreu , who hit a two - run shot off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Abreu , who hit a two - run shot off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth to give the Angels a 6 - 4 lead . It was Abreu 's second multihomer game of the season and second	False
It was Abreu 's second multihomer game of the season and second this season . He also had a two - run double in the sixth inning and a two - run homer in the ninth	True
He also had a two - run double in the sixth inning and a two - run homer in the ninth off Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) . Scott Downs ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Scott Downs ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth and Jordan Walden got three outs for his 26th save in 30 chances . Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a two - run homer to Abreu in the ninth	True
Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a two - run homer to Abreu in the ninth . Scott Downs ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Scott Downs ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Jordan Walden pitched the ninth	True
Jordan Walden pitched the ninth for his 26th save in 30 chances . Curtis Granderson homered in the first	True
He struck out three and walked one . J. J. Putz pitched a perfect ninth	True
Mitchell Boggs ( 2 - 3 ) allowed two runs in one inning for the win . Mitchell Boggs ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two runs in the sixth	True
Mitchell Boggs ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two runs in the sixth to earn his first win since July 29 , 2011 , when he was with the Chicago Cubs . Mitchell Boggs ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two runs in the sixth	False
He struck out five and walked six . Carlos Marmol pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Colvin , his 16th of the season . The Reds cut it to 3 - 2 in the fourth	False
The Reds cut it to 3 - 2 in the fourth on Yonder Alonso 's two - out single and a wild pitch , but Dempster got out of the jam by getting Hernandez to hit into an inning - ending double play . The Reds cut it to 3 - 2 in the fourth	False
The Reds cut it to 3 - 2 in the fourth on Yonder Alonso 's two - out single and a wild pitch , but Dempster got out of the jam by getting Hernandez to hit into an inning - ending double play . The Reds cut it to 3 - 2 in the fourth when Todd Frazier walked , stole second	False
The Reds cut it to 3 - 2 in the fourth when Todd Frazier walked , stole second and scored on Leake 's wild pitch . The Reds cut it to 3 - 2 in the fourth	False
The Reds cut it to 3 - 2 in the fourth when Todd Frazier walked , stole second and scored on Leake 's wild pitch . The Reds cut it to 3 - 2 in the fourth when Todd Frazier walked , stole second	False
Shane Victorino and John Mayberry Jr. hit back - to - back home runs in the 10th inning off Rex Brothers ( 1 - 2 ) to give the Phillies a 4 - 3 lead . Mayberry 's pinch - hit , two - run homer in the ninth	True
It was Mayberry 's first pinch - hit homer of the season . Antonio Bastardo ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Antonio Bastardo ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Ryan Madson pitched a perfect 10th	True
He struck out two and walked two . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second when Ty Wigginton doubled and scored on a two - run homer by Seth Smith . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
Ben Zobrist hit a two - run homer and Ben Zobrist also went deep for the Rays , who have won four of five . Kyle Farnsworth pitched the ninth	True
Ben Zobrist hit a two - run homer and Ben Zobrist also went deep for the Rays . Jake Soriano ( 2 - 3 ) gave up a homer to Ben Zobrist in the seventh	True
Jake Soriano ( 2 - 3 ) gave up a homer to Ben Zobrist in the seventh . Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Kyle Farnsworth pitched a perfect ninth	True
New York has lost four of five . Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Kyle Farnsworth pitched the ninth	True
He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Indians scored four runs in the eighth	True
The Indians scored four runs in the eighth off reliever Josh Judy , including a three - run homer by Delmon Young . The Tigers scored four runs in the eighth	False
Andy Dirks hit a two - run double and Ryan Raburn added a two - run double . The Tigers added four runs in the eighth	True
The Rangers have won five of their last six games and moved within three games of the first - place Los Angeles Angels in the AL West . Hamilton 's homer in the third inning gave the Rangers a 3 - 0 lead , and Craig Gentry added a two - run shot in the fourth	True
He walked four and struck out one . Kevin Gregg pitched the ninth	True
David Pauley ( 5 - 6 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and a run in two innings . Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth	True
David Pauley ( 5 - 6 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and a run in two innings . Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth	True
Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Vladimir Guerrero . Hardy led off the fourth	True
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Vladimir Guerrero . Hardy led off the fourth with a homer , and Nolan Reimold 's sacrifice fly made it 5 - 0 in the fourth	True
The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on Young 's three - run homer . The Tigers tied it at 5 in the bottom of the fifth	True
Kinsler hit a go - ahead homer in the eighth inning and the Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Kinsler homered off Grant Balfour ( 4 - 2 ) leading off the eighth	True
Kinsler followed with a drive off Grant Balfour ( 4 - 2 ) . Koji Uehara ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
The A 's lost for the sixth time in seven games and fell a season - high 10 games under .500 . Koji Uehara ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Koji Uehara ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Neftali Feliz pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts and has a 3.26 ERA over that span . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Michael Young doubled and scored on Weeks ' double - play grounder . Weeks had two hits , including an RBI single in the fifth	True
Martin Prado followed with a run - scoring double and Martin Prado followed with a run - scoring single to make it 3 - 0 . The Braves scored twice in the second	True
The Braves scored twice in the second to take a 3 - 0 lead . Jason Heyward led off with a walk , stole second	False
Martin Prado followed with a run - scoring double , and Prado 's run - scoring single made it 3 - 0 . Gonzalez homered in the sixth	True
Martin Prado followed with a run - scoring double , and Prado 's run - scoring single made it 3 - 0 . Gonzalez homered in the sixth , and Gonzalez homered off Brian Sanches to make it 4 - 0 in the sixth	True
He struck out six and walked four . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Albert Pujols and a two - out RBI single by Albert Pujols . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Berkman 's RBI groundout and Albert Pujols ' run - scoring single . The Phillies took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	True
Berkman followed with his 14th homer to make it 2 - 0 . The Phillies cut the deficit to 2 - 1 in the second	True
The Phillies cut the deficit to 2 - 1 in the second on Jimmy Rollins ' RBI single , and Jimmy Rollins ' RBI single in the bottom of the second cut the deficit to 2 - 1 . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Albert Pujols and a two - out RBI single by Albert Pujols . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Albert Pujols and a two - out RBI single by Albert Pujols . The Phillies cut it to 2 - 1 in the second	True
Jeff Mathis led off with a double and scored on a double by Kendrick . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jeff Mathis led off with a double and scored on a double by Kendrick . Baltimore loaded the bases with one out in the fourth	True
Justin Masterson ( 12 - 10 ) gave up three runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in six innings for the Indians . Chris Perez pitched the ninth	True
Verlander ( 24 - 5 ) struck out six and walked three in eight innings . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth	True
He struck out a career - high eight and walked two . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Jackson led off with a homer to right - center . The A 's had runners on first	False
The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Jackson led off with a homer to right - center . The A 's had runners on first and second	False
The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Jackson led off with a homer to right - center . The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the fourth	True
Donnie Murphy hit a two - run homer and Donnie Murphy added a two - run shot for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Clay Hensley ( 5 - 6 ) struck out the side in the 13th	True
Leo Nunez got three outs for his major league - leading 36th save . Clay Hensley ( 5 - 6 ) struck out the side in the 13th	True
Leo Nunez got three outs for his major league - leading 36th save . Clay Hensley ( 5 - 6 ) struck out the side in the 13th	True
The Nationals have lost five of six . Clay Hensley ( 5 - 6 ) struck out the side in the 13th	True
Phillips hit a solo homer off James Russell ( 1 - 6 ) in the bottom of the inning , giving the Reds a 6 - 4 lead . It was the first game - ending hit of the season for Bruce , who hit a two - run homer off James Russell ( 1 - 6 ) in the bottom of the 11th	True
Chris Heisey hit a two - run homer off James Russell ( 1 - 6 ) , who gave up two hits and two runs in two - thirds of an inning . Nick Masset ( 3 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless 11th	True
The Cubs took a 4 - 0 lead in the first inning on Marlon Byrd 's two - run homer and a two - run shot by Carlos Pena . The Reds took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Reds took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Marlon Byrd and a two - run shot by Carlos Pena . The Reds took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Reds took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Byrd and a two - run shot by Carlos Pena . The Reds took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	False
Guthrie ( 8 - 17 ) allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings , walking three and striking out a season - high 10 . Jim Johnson worked the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
B. J. Upton drew a leadoff walk , Ben Zobrist walked and Matt Joyce hit a two - run double . Matt Joyce hit a two - run double in the fourth	True
Matt Joyce hit a two - run double in the fourth to give the Rays a 2 - 1 lead . The Rays loaded the bases with no outs in the second	True
The Rays loaded the bases with no outs in the second before Guthrie struck out Casey Kotchman and Casey Kotchman . Baltimore tied it in the fourth	True
Baltimore tied it in the fourth . B. J. Upton drew a leadoff walk , stole second	False
Baltimore tied it in the fourth . B. J. Upton drew a leadoff walk , stole second and advanced to third	False
He struck out nine and walked three . Ryan Madson pitched the ninth	True
He struck out nine and walked three . Ryan Madson pitched the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out two . The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a three - run homer by Howard , his 21st of the season . The Brewers added a run in the seventh	True
He struck out two and walked two . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Yuniesky Betancourt 's first homer of the season , a solo shot to left - center . Betancourt homered in the sixth	True
Betancourt homered in the sixth to make it 6 - 2 . It was Betancourt 's third homer of the season and second	False
Mike MacDougal ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Javy Guerra pitched a perfect ninth	True
Javy Guerra pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save . Mike MacDougal ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	False
Mike MacDougal ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Javy Guerra worked a perfect ninth	True
Mike MacDougal ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Javy Guerra pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Nationals have lost five of six . Mike MacDougal ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Mike MacDougal ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Javy Guerra worked a perfect ninth	True
Andre Ethier drove in four runs and Dee Gordon had three hits for the Dodgers , who have won three straight and five of six . Kenley Jansen ( 2 - 1 ) struck out the side in the ninth	True
Dee Gordon had three hits and scored twice for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Kenley Jansen ( 2 - 1 ) struck out the side in the eighth	True
Kenley Jansen ( 2 - 1 ) struck out the side in the eighth for the win . Javy Guerra ( 2 - 1 ) struck out the side in the eighth	False
Javy Guerra ( 2 - 1 ) struck out the side in the eighth for the win . Javy Guerra ( 2 - 1 ) struck out the side in the eighth	True
Mike MacDougal and Mike MacDougal each pitched a scoreless inning for the Dodgers . Kenley Jansen ( 2 - 1 ) struck out the side in the eighth	True
He struck out nine and walked three . The Nationals took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
Anthony Swarzak ( 3 - 6 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in eight innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Swarzak gave up a run in the second inning on a fielder 's choice by Alexei Ramirez and a run - scoring double by Alexei Ramirez in the third	True
Swarzak gave up a run in the second inning on a fielder 's choice by Alexei Ramirez and a run - scoring double by Alexei Ramirez in the third . The White Sox had runners on first	False
Swarzak gave up a run in the second inning on a fielder 's choice by Alexei Ramirez and a run - scoring double by Alexei Ramirez in the third . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
Swarzak gave up a run in the second inning on a fielder 's choice by Alexei Ramirez and a run - scoring double by Alexei Ramirez in the third . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Humber struck out Dunn and got Dayan Viciedo to ground into a double play . The White Sox had runners on first	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Humber struck out Dunn and got Dayan Viciedo to ground into a double play . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Humber struck out Dunn and got Dayan Viciedo to ground into a double play . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Humber struck out Dunn and got Dayan Viciedo to fly out to end the threat . The Twins had runners on first	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Humber struck out Dunn and got Dayan Viciedo to fly out to end the threat . The Twins had runners on first and second	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Humber struck out Dunn and got Dayan Viciedo to fly out to end the threat . The Twins had runners on first and second with no outs in the fourth	True
The Twins had runners on first and second with no outs in the fourth , but Humber struck out Dunn and got Dayan Viciedo to fly out to end the threat . The Twins had runners on first	False
The Twins had runners on first and second with no outs in the fourth , but Humber struck out Dunn and got Dayan Viciedo to fly out to end the threat . The Twins had runners on first and second	False
The Twins had runners on first and second with no outs in the fourth , but Humber struck out Dunn and got Dayan Viciedo to fly out to end the threat . The Twins had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
Conrad 's pinch - hit , two - run single off Josh Lindblom in the seventh tied it at 3 . Conrad , who had been on the disabled list with a strained lower back , had a pinch - hit , two - run single in the seventh	True
Conrad , who had been on the disabled list with a strained lower back , had a pinch - hit , two - run single in the seventh . Craig Kimbrel ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked three . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Dee Gordon led off with a single , stole second	False
The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Dee Gordon led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
He walked three and struck out four . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Dee Gordon led off with a single , stole second	False
The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Dee Gordon led off with a single , stole second , took third	False
He walked four and struck out four . Kameron Loe pitched two scoreless innings and Frankie De La Cruz pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He walked four and struck out four . Kameron Loe pitched two scoreless innings and Frankie De La Cruz pitched a scoreless ninth	True
WASHINGTON -- Tommy Milone did n't have his best stuff . The Washington Nationals ' right - hander gave up a home run to Jason Bay in the fourth inning , then gave up a two - run homer to Jason Bay in the sixth inning and a two - run homer to Jason Bay in the sixth	True
The Washington Nationals ' right - hander gave up a home run to Jason Bay in the fourth inning , then gave up a two - run homer to Jason Bay in the sixth inning and a two - run homer to Jason Bay in the sixth that sent the Nationals to an 8 - 7 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Milone ( 5 - 5 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Pujols homered twice and drove in six runs , Yadier Molina drove in four runs and the Cardinals routed the Rangers 16 - 7 on Tuesday night . Pujols hit a solo homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the sixth	True
Pujols hit a solo homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the sixth off reliever Michael Gonzalez , who was making his major league debut . He also had an RBI double in the fourth	True
Pujols hit a solo homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the sixth off reliever Michael Gonzalez , who was making his major league debut . He also had an RBI double in the fourth and a three - run homer in the sixth	True
Nelson Cruz hit a two - run homer and Adrian Beltre had four hits for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Nelson Cruz hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
The right - hander was coming off a three - hit shutout against the Los Angeles Angels in his first start of the season , when he gave up six runs in 4 1/3 innings of a 10 - 5 loss . The Rangers ' only run came on Napoli 's sacrifice fly in the bottom of the fifth	True
The right - hander was coming off a three - hit shutout against the Los Angeles Angels in his first start of the season , when he gave up six runs in 4 1/3 innings of a 10 - 5 loss . The Rangers ' only run came on Napoli 's sacrifice fly in the bottom of the fifth , but Texas scored three runs in the fifth	True
Freese hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , Edwin Jackson pitched six strong innings and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Freese 's two - run double in the fourth gave the Cardinals a 3 - 2 lead , and Freese 's two - run homer in the sixth	False
Braun hit three home runs and drove in six runs , leading the Milwaukee Brewers to an 8 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Braun hit a solo homer in the fourth inning and a two - run shot in the fifth	True
He struck out eight and walked two . Braun hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI groundout by Ian Stewart . LaHair led off the third	True
LaHair led off the third with a double and scored on Ian Stewart 's groundout to make it 2 - 0 . The Phillies made it 2 - 0 in the third	True
LaHair led off the third with a double and scored on Ian Stewart 's groundout to make it 2 - 0 . The Phillies made it 2 - 0 in the third when LaHair singled , stole second	False
The Phillies made it 2 - 0 in the third when LaHair singled , stole second and scored on Castro 's sacrifice fly to center . The Phillies made it 2 - 0 in the third	False
The Phillies made it 2 - 0 in the third when LaHair doubled and scored on Ian Stewart 's groundout . The Cubs made it 2 - 0 in the third	False
The Cubs made it 2 - 0 in the third when LaHair doubled and scored on Castro 's sacrifice fly . LaHair hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Ross hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the second inning to give the Red Sox a 3 - 0 lead . Ross hit a two - run shot off Matt Capps ( 0 - 1 ) in the seventh	True
Daniel Bard ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for the win . Alfredo Aceves pitched the ninth	True
Daniel Bard ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning for the win . Alfredo Aceves pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Adrian Gonzalez and a two - run homer by Ross off Jason Marquis in the second	True
He struck out six and walked four . Hector Santiago pitched the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out three . The Mariners took a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out six and walked four . Hector Santiago pitched the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked four . Hector Santiago pitched the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked four . Hector Santiago pitched the ninth	True
Lynn ( 3 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in seven innings , striking out four and walking one . Jason Motte pitched the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked three . Alex Presley 's first - inning leadoff homer gave the Pirates a 1 - 0 lead , but the Pirates tied it in the second	True
Alex Presley 's first - inning leadoff homer gave the Pirates a 1 - 0 lead , but the Pirates tied it in the second on Rafael Furcal 's RBI single . The Pirates tied it in the second	True
Alex Presley 's first - inning leadoff homer gave the Pirates a 1 - 0 lead , but the Pirates tied it in the second on Rafael Furcal 's RBI single . The Pirates tied it in the second when Beltran singled , stole second	False
The Pirates tied it in the second when Beltran singled , stole second and scored on a single by Rafael Furcal . The Pirates tied it in the second	True
The Pirates tied it in the second when Beltran singled , stole second and scored on a single by Rafael Furcal . The Pirates tied it in the second when Beltran singled , stole second	False
The Pirates tied it in the second when Beltran singled , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Rafael Furcal . The Pirates tied it in the second	True
The Pirates tied it in the second when Beltran singled , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Rafael Furcal . The Pirates tied it in the second when Beltran singled , stole second	False
The Pirates tied it in the second when Beltran singled , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Rafael Furcal . The Pirates tied it in the second	True
The Pirates tied it in the second when Beltran singled , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Rafael Furcal . The Pirates tied it in the second when Beltran singled , stole second	False
The Pirates tied it in the second when Beltran singled , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Rafael Furcal . The Pirates tied it in the second	True
Jerome Williams ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Angels . Jordan Walden pitched the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked three . Nolan Reimold hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Jerome Williams ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Angels . Jordan Walden pitched the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked three . The Orioles got a run in the third	True
The Orioles got a run in the third on a two - out RBI single by J. J. Hardy , but the Orioles responded in the bottom half with RBI singles by Kendrick and Kendrick . Kendrick drove in the Angels ' first run with a two - out single in the second	True
The Orioles got a run in the third on a two - out RBI single by J. J. Hardy , but the Orioles responded in the bottom half with RBI singles by Kendrick and Kendrick . Kendrick drove in the Angels ' first run with a two - out single in the second , and Kendrick capped the scoring with a two - out RBI single in the second	True
Kendrick drove in the Angels ' first run with a two - out single in the second , and Kendrick capped the scoring with a two - out RBI single in the second . The Orioles got a run back in the third	True
Longoria hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the fifth inning and the Rays beat the Blue Jays 9 - 4 on Tuesday night , handing the Blue Jays their fourth loss in a row . Longoria had three hits and drove in four runs , and Luke Scott had a two - run double in the ninth	True
Granderson hit a pair of two - run homers and drove in four runs , leading the Yankees to a 7 - 6 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Granderson hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the second	True
Granderson hit a pair of two - run homers and drove in four runs , leading the Yankees to a 7 - 6 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Granderson hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the second , his first	False
Granderson hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the second , his first of the season . He also had a two - run homer in the first	True
He also had a two - run homer in the first off Anthony Swarzak ( 0 - 3 ) . Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second	True
He also had a two - run homer in the first off Anthony Swarzak ( 0 - 3 ) . Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second , a two - run shot in the second	True
He also had a two - run homer in the first off Anthony Swarzak ( 0 - 3 ) . Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second , a two - run shot in the second and a two - run drive in the second	True
Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second , a two - run shot in the second and a two - run drive in the second . He also had a two - run homer in the first	True
He also had a two - run homer in the first off Anthony Swarzak ( 0 - 3 ) . Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second	True
He also had a two - run homer in the first off Anthony Swarzak ( 0 - 3 ) . Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second , his first	False
He also had a two - run homer in the first off Anthony Swarzak ( 0 - 3 ) . Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second , his first of the season , and drove in four runs with a two - run homer in the second	True
He also had a two - run homer in the first inning of a 6 - 5 win over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night . Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second	True
He also had a two - run homer in the first inning of a 6 - 5 win over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night . Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second off Anthony Swarzak ( 0 - 3 ) , and Granderson added a two - run shot in the second	True
Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second off Anthony Swarzak ( 0 - 3 ) , and Granderson added a two - run shot in the second . Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second off Anthony Swarzak ( 0 - 3 ) , and Granderson added a two - run shot in the second . Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second , his first	False
Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second off Anthony Swarzak ( 0 - 3 ) , and Granderson added a two - run shot in the second . Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second , his first of the season , and drove in four runs with a two - run homer in the second	True
Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second , his first of the season , and drove in four runs with a two - run homer in the second . Granderson added a two - run shot in the second	True
Granderson added a two - run shot in the second , his first homer of the season . Granderson had a two - run homer in the second	True
Granderson added a two - run shot in the second , his first homer of the season . Granderson had a two - run homer in the second and a two - run shot in the second	True
Granderson had a two - run homer in the second and a two - run shot in the second . He hit a two - run shot off Jeff Gray in the sixth	True
He hit a two - run shot off Jeff Gray in the sixth to make it 7 - 4 . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth	True
Roger Bernadina led off the eighth inning with a double off Fernando Rodriguez ( 0 - 2 ) , and Jayson Werth drew a bases - loaded walk from Fernando Rodriguez ( 0 - 2 ) to give the Nationals a 3 - 2 lead . Ryan Mattheus ( 2 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing a run in the eighth	True
Ryan Mattheus ( 2 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing a run in the eighth . Henry Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander has a 1.29 ERA in three starts this season . Ryan Mattheus ( 2 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing a run in the eighth	True
Ryan Mattheus ( 2 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing a run in the eighth . Henry Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out three and walked none . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Jason Castro led off with a double and scored on a groundout by Travis Buck . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Jason Castro led off with a double and scored on a groundout by Travis Buck . Houston took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Houston took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Jason Castro doubled and scored on a groundout by Travis Buck . The Nationals tied it in the seventh	True
Justin Smoak had a career - high four hits and John Jaso hit a two - run homer for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Rafael Perez ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Justin Smoak had a career - high four hits and John Jaso hit a two - run homer for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Rafael Perez ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth and Chris Perez survived a shaky ninth	True
Justin Smoak had a career - high four hits and John Jaso hit a two - run homer for the Mariners . Justin Smoak had a career - high four hits for Seattle , including a two - run single in the fourth	True
Justin Smoak had a career - high four hits for Seattle , including a two - run single in the fourth . Justin Smoak had a career - high four hits for Seattle , including a two - run single in the fourth	False
Justin Smoak had a career - high four hits for Seattle , including a two - run single in the fourth inning . The Mariners scored in the first	True
Justin Smoak had a career - high four hits for Seattle , including a two - run single in the fourth inning . The Mariners scored in the first on an RBI single by Ichiro Suzuki and an RBI single by Ichiro Suzuki in the fourth	True
The Mariners scored in the first on an RBI single by Ichiro Suzuki and an RBI single by Ichiro Suzuki in the fourth . Jaso hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Jaso hit a two - run homer in the third to give the Mariners a 2 - 1 lead . It was Jaso 's first homer of the season , a two - run shot that made it 2 - 1 in the third	True
It was Jaso 's first homer of the season , a two - run shot that made it 2 - 1 in the third . Ichiro Suzuki had a two - run single in the fourth	False
The Milwaukee Brewers pinch - ran for Gomez , pinch - hitting and pinch - hitter George Kottaras followed with a two - run double to give the Milwaukee Brewers a 5 - 4 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . The Brewers rallied from a 2 - 0 deficit to take a 4 - 3 lead in the eighth	True
The Milwaukee Brewers pinch - ran for Gomez , pinch - hitting and pinch - hitter George Kottaras followed with a two - run double to give the Milwaukee Brewers a 5 - 4 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . The Brewers rallied from a 2 - 0 deficit to take a 4 - 3 lead in the eighth , but pinch - hitter George Kottaras hit a two - run double off Javy Guerra ( 1 - 1 ) in the ninth	True
The Brewers rallied from a 2 - 0 deficit to take a 4 - 3 lead in the eighth , but pinch - hitter George Kottaras hit a two - run double off Javy Guerra ( 1 - 1 ) in the ninth to give the Brewers a 5 - 4 lead . Jose Veras ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Jose Veras ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Andre Ethier hit a two - run homer off Francisco Rodriguez in the eighth	True
Jose Veras ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Andre Ethier hit a two - run homer off Francisco Rodriguez in the eighth to give the Dodgers a 4 - 3 lead , but the Dodgers tied it in the eighth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Cesar Izturis and a run - scoring single by Cesar Izturis . The Dodgers tied it in the fifth	True
The Dodgers tied it in the fifth on James Loney 's RBI double , but the Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on James Loney 's RBI double . The Dodgers tied it in the fifth	True
He struck out three and walked one . The Phillies jumped ahead 5 - 1 in the third	True
He walked one and struck out one . The Phillies jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the second	True
The Phillies jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the second . Omar Infante led off with a single , stole second	False
The Phillies jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the second . Omar Infante led off with a single , stole second and scored on Johnson 's grounder to first	False
Omar Infante led off with a single , stole second and scored on Johnson 's grounder to first . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Omar Infante led off with a double and scored on Johnson 's groundout . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Omar Infante led off with a double and scored on Johnson 's groundout . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Omar Infante led off with a double and scored on Johnson 's grounder to first	False
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Omar Infante led off with a double and scored on Johnson 's grounder to first . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
He struck out eight and walked three . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth	True
Santana hit a pair of solo homers , Derek Lowe pitched seven strong innings and the Indians beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Santana hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Santana hit a pair of solo homers , Derek Lowe pitched seven strong innings and the Indians beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Santana hit a two - run homer in the fifth off Joel Carreno ( 0 - 1 ) and added a two - run shot in the fifth	True
CINCINNATI -- Jay Bruce hit a solo homer off Heath Bell in the ninth inning , and the Cincinnati Reds rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Bruce hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
Bruce hit a solo homer in the ninth inning off Heath Bell ( 0 - 1 ) , who blew his first save of the season . He gave up Bruce 's second homer of the game , a solo shot in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . Bruce hit a sacrifice fly in the first	True
He struck out five and walked two . Bruce hit a sacrifice fly in the first , and Ryan Ludwick added an RBI double in the sixth	True
Chad Billingsley ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked two . The right - hander had an RBI single in the second	True
Chad Billingsley ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked two . The right - hander had an RBI single in the second , a two - run homer in the third	True
Chad Billingsley ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked two . The right - hander had an RBI single in the second , a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the ninth	True
Billingsley ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked two . The right - hander had an RBI single in the second	True
Billingsley ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked two . The right - hander had an RBI single in the second , a two - run homer in the third	True
Billingsley ( 2 - 4 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked two . The right - hander had an RBI single in the second , a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the ninth	True
Sale ( 6 - 2 ) allowed one run and three hits in 7 1/3 innings , striking out a career - high 15 and walking two . Addison Reed worked the ninth	True
He struck out 10 and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Jose Lobaton drove in Tampa Bay 's first run with a fourth - inning single . The Rays loaded the bases with one out in the fourth	True
He walked one and struck out a season - high 10 . Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Fowler hit a game - ending triple in the 10th inning , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Houston Astros 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Fowler had four hits , including a leadoff homer in the first	True
Fowler hit a game - ending triple in the 10th inning , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Houston Astros 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Fowler had four hits , including a leadoff homer in the first and a three - run double in the fourth	True
It was the first game - ending triple of the season for Fowler , who was 4 for 4 with a homer and three RBIs . Josh Roenicke ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
He walked one and struck out two . The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
He walked one and struck out two . The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Bogusevic , his first	False
The Astros tied it in the bottom of the inning on Carlos Gonzalez 's RBI groundout . Houston tied it in the third	True
The White Sox have won six of their last seven games . Konerko hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
He walked five and struck out two . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked five and struck out two . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked five and struck out two . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Casey Kotchman and a run - scoring single by Shin-Soo Choo . The Indians tied it in the third	True
The Indians tied it in the third on a sacrifice fly by Greg Dobbs . The Indians tied it in the sixth	True
Kevin Gregg ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Pedro Strop pitched the 11th	True
Kevin Gregg ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Pedro Strop pitched the 11th	True
Ian Desmond homered for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Kevin Gregg ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 11th	True
Kevin Gregg ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 11th for the win . Pedro Strop pitched the 11th	True
Ian Desmond homered for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Ian Desmond tied the game at 1 with a leadoff homer in the sixth	True
Ian Desmond tied the game at 1 with a leadoff homer in the sixth . It was his third	False
Ian Desmond tied the game at 1 with a leadoff homer in the sixth . It was his third of the season and second	False
He walked one and struck out two . Jim Johnson pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 in five career starts against the Pirates . Josh Harrison hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Josh Harrison hit a two - run homer for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Josh Harrison hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Dozier hit a three - run homer , Trevor Plouffe added a two - run shot and the Twins beat the Detroit Tigers 11 - 7 on Tuesday night . Dozier hit a three - run homer in the second inning , and Trevor Plouffe added a two - run shot in the ninth	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Ryan Doumit and a three - run homer by Trevor Plouffe . The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Ryan Doumit and a three - run homer by Trevor Plouffe . The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
Joe Smith ( 3 - 1 ) retired the only batter he faced to earn the win . Chris Perez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Chris Perez pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . Ryan Doumit hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Joe Smith ( 3 - 1 ) got the win . Chris Perez pitched the ninth	True
Chris Perez pitched the ninth for his 12th save . Ryan Doumit hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Ryan Doumit hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Ryan Doumit hit a two - run homer off Nick Hagadone in the eighth	True
Ryan Doumit hit a two - run homer off Nick Hagadone in the eighth to tie the game at 4 . The Indians scored a run in the third	True
Doumit 's two - run homer in the eighth tied the game at 4 . The Indians scored in the third	True
The Indians scored in the third when Darin Mastroianni doubled and scored on a passed ball by Drew Butera . Doumit 's two - out homer in the eighth	True
The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 6.23 ERA in his first three starts of the season . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth	True
Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his third save in as many attempts . Josh Outman ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in one - third	True
Josh Outman ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in one - third of an inning . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander struck out a career - high nine , walked none and threw 102 pitches in his first start against the Dodgers this season . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when James Loney led off with a double and scored on Juan Uribe 's two - out single . The Dodgers tied it in the seventh	True
The Dodgers tied it in the seventh on Tyler Colvin 's two - out homer with two outs . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth	True
Hutchison ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings , striking out four and walking four . Casey Janssen pitched a perfect ninth	True
Nick Blackburn ( 1 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five - plus innings for the Twins . Matt Capps pitched the ninth	True
Nick Blackburn ( 1 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in five - plus innings for the Twins . Matt Capps pitched the ninth	True
The Blue Jays have lost seven of their last 10 games , including three in a row . Bautista hit a solo homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the sixth	True
Bautista hit a solo homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Blue Jays a 6 - 5 lead . It was Bautista 's fourth career multihomer game and third	False
It was Bautista 's fourth career multihomer game and third this season . Bautista hit a solo shot in the first inning and a solo shot in the sixth	True
Bautista hit a solo shot in the first inning and a solo shot in the sixth to give the Blue Jays a 6 - 5 lead . It was Bautista 's fourth career multihomer game and third	False
Manny Acosta ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning to earn the win . Jon Rauch pitched the ninth	True
Manny Acosta ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning to earn the win . Jon Rauch pitched the ninth	True
MILWAUKEE -- Jay Bruce 's first home run of the season came on a 1 - 2 pitch from Marco Estrada in the fourth inning and gave the Cincinnati Reds a 6 - 1 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night . Bruce hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning off Marco Estrada ( 0 - 2 ) , and the Reds added three more runs in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth	True
Jose Valverde pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six chances . Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth	True
Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth , but Valverde struck out Brent Lillibridge and Alexei Ramirez for his fifth save in six chances . Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth	False
Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth , but Valverde struck out Brent Lillibridge and Alexei Ramirez for his fifth save in six chances . Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth	False
Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth , but Valverde struck out Brent Lillibridge and Alexei Ramirez for his fifth save in six chances . Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth	False
Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth , but Valverde struck out Brent Lillibridge and Alexei Ramirez for his fifth save in six chances . Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth	False
Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth , but Valverde struck out Brent Lillibridge and Alexei Ramirez for his fifth save in six chances . Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth	False
Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth , but Valverde struck out Brent Lillibridge and Alexei Ramirez for his fifth save in six chances . Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth	False
Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth , but Valverde struck out Brent Lillibridge and Alexei Ramirez for his fifth save in six chances . Valverde walked pinch - hitter Kosuke Fukudome with one out in the ninth	False
Cahill ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits , striking out five and walking one . David Hernandez struck out two in a perfect eighth	True
Cahill ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits , striking out five and walking one . David Hernandez struck out two in a perfect eighth , and David Hernandez struck out two in a perfect eighth	False
He struck out two and walked three . The Royals took a 5 - 0 lead in the first	True
Miguel Cabrera followed with a run - scoring single , and Peralta followed with a two - run double to make it 8 - 0 . The Royals added three more in the third	True
Davis homered and had three hits , Brian Matusz pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Orioles beat the Yankees 7 - 1 on Tuesday night for their seventh win in 10 games . Davis had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning off Phil Hughes ( 1 - 4 ) , and J. J. Hardy added a two - run shot in the third	True
He struck out six and walked one . Curtis Granderson homered in the first	True
Kuroda ( 8 - 7 ) allowed three hits , walked one and struck out a season - high 11 . David Robertson pitched the eighth	True
Kuroda ( 8 - 7 ) allowed three hits , walked one and struck out a season - high 11 . David Robertson pitched the eighth and Rafael Soriano got the final two outs in the eighth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Heath Bell pitched the ninth	True
Heath Bell pitched the ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Bell pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Bell pitched a scoreless ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . The Phillies went ahead 2 - 1 in the third	True
The Phillies went ahead 2 - 1 in the third . Reyes led off with a single , stole second	False
Reyes led off with a single , stole second and scored on Stanton 's two - out single to center . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the third . Reyes led off with a single , stole second	False
Reyes led off with a single , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Stanton . The Phillies tied it in the second	True
He walked two and struck out five . Jonathan Papelbon got his 18th save despite giving up a solo homer to Michael McKenry in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Phillies jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the first	True
The Phillies jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the first on Placido Polanco 's RBI single . The Phillies cut it to 4 - 2 in the sixth	True
The Phillies cut it to 4 - 2 in the sixth on McKenry 's sacrifice fly and McKenry 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies cut it to 4 - 2 in the sixth	False
The Phillies cut it to 4 - 2 in the sixth on McKenry 's sacrifice fly and McKenry 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies cut it to 4 - 2 in the sixth	False
The Rangers have lost five of their last six games and have scored only nine runs in their last five games . Cruz hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
The Rangers have lost five of their last six games and have scored only nine runs in their last five games . Cruz hit a three - run homer in the fifth and a three - run shot in the fifth	True
He struck out six and walked one . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run single by Omar Infante and a run - scoring single by Omar Infante . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Omar Infante and a run - scoring single by Omar Infante . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Omar Infante and a run - scoring single by Omar Infante . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Omar Infante and a run - scoring single by Omar Infante . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Omar Infante and a run - scoring single by Omar Infante . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth	True
The Red Sox tied it in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Mike Aviles . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth	False
The Red Sox tied it in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Mike Aviles . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth	False
The Red Sox tied it in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Mike Aviles . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth	False
The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.85 ERA in his last five starts . Andrew McCutchen had three hits , including a three - run double in the second inning , and Rod Barajas added a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Scherzer ( 6 - 4 ) allowed seven hits , struck out 12 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out the side in the second	True
Scherzer ( 6 - 4 ) allowed seven hits , struck out 12 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out the side in the second , third	True
He struck out two and walked two . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Austin Jackson led off with a double and scored on Prince Fielder 's double . Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double made it 1 - 0 in the second	True
Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double made it 1 - 0 in the second , and Ramon Santiago 's two - run single in the third gave the Tigers a 4 - 0 lead . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double . Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double in the second made it 1 - 0 , and Ramon Santiago 's two - run single made it 4 - 0 in the third	True
Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double in the second made it 1 - 0 , and Ramon Santiago 's two - run single made it 4 - 0 in the third . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double . Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double made it 1 - 0 in the second	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double . Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double made it 1 - 0 in the second , and Santiago 's two - run single made it 4 - 0 in the third	False
He struck out four and walked five . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Fielder 's sacrifice fly . Cabrera led off the bottom of the first	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Fielder 's sacrifice fly . Cabrera led off the bottom of the first with a homer to right , his second	False
Cabrera led off the bottom of the first with a homer to right , his second of the season . He also had an RBI single in the fourth	True
Barney hit a go - ahead two - run double in the sixth inning , and the Cubs beat the Detroit Tigers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Barney had a two - run double in the sixth inning and a two - run double in the sixth	True
Carlos Marmol ( 1 - 2 ) got two outs for the win . Shawn Camp pitched the ninth	True
Phil Coke ( 1 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up an unearned run and two hits in two innings . Carlos Marmol ( 1 - 2 ) got two outs in the eighth	True
Carlos Marmol ( 1 - 2 ) got two outs in the eighth for the win . Shawn Camp pitched the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked five . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out eight and walked five . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Bryan LaHair walked , stole second	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Bryan LaHair walked , stole second and scored on Scherzer 's groundout . Scherzer walked the bases loaded with one out in the sixth	True
He struck out eight and walked five . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out eight and walked five . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Bryan LaHair led off with a walk , stole second	False
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.48 ERA in four starts against the Indians this season . Jason Motte pitched a perfect ninth	True
Ryan Theriot had a career - high four hits , including a run - scoring double in the first inning . The Giants scored three runs in the third	True
Chase Headley hit a two - run double to cut San Francisco 's lead to 4 - 3 . Chase Headley hit a two - run double in the third	True
Chase Headley hit a two - run double in the third to cut San Francisco 's lead to 4 - 3 . The Giants had runners on first	False
Chase Headley hit a two - run double in the third to cut San Francisco 's lead to 4 - 3 . The Giants had runners on first and third	False
Chase Headley hit a two - run double in the third to cut San Francisco 's lead to 4 - 3 . The Giants had runners on first and third with one out in the fifth	True
The Giants had runners on first and third with one out in the fifth , but Cain escaped the jam by getting Jesus Guzman to ground into a double play . San Francisco 's Chase Headley had three hits , including a two - run double in the third	True
The Giants had runners on first and third with one out in the fifth , but Cain escaped the jam by getting Jesus Guzman to ground into a double play . San Francisco 's Chase Headley had three hits , including a two - run double in the third and a two - run double in the third	True
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Mark Trumbo and Torii Hunter hit back - to - back home runs , Garrett Richards pitched seven solid innings and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Seattle Mariners 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Trumbo hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the fifth	True
He struck out three and walked one . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth	True
Lyles ( 1 - 1 ) allowed five hits and two runs with two walks and three strikeouts in seven innings . Brett Myers pitched a perfect ninth	True
He has given up at least three earned runs in each of his five starts this season . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out seven and walked two . He also hit a two - run double in the seventh	True
He struck out eight and walked three . The Yankees took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Yankees took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Jeter 's leadoff homer and a sacrifice fly by Mark Teixeira . Jeter led off the third	True
He also hit a solo shot in the third inning of a 6 - 3 win over the New York Yankees on April 8 . The Yankees took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Yankees took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Mark Teixeira 's sacrifice fly and a sacrifice fly by Mark Teixeira . The Yankees made it 3 - 0 in the third	True
The Yankees made it 3 - 0 in the third when Jeter led off with a double and scored on Mark Teixeira 's sacrifice fly . The Yankees made it 3 - 0 in the third	False
Michael Saunders had four hits , including a two - run homer , and Justin Smoak also went deep for the Mariners , who won for just the third time in nine games . Suzuki hit a leadoff homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Suzuki hit a leadoff homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Mariners a 5 - 3 lead . It was Suzuki 's third career multihomer game and third	False
It was Suzuki 's third career multihomer game and third this season . It was his third career multihomer game and third	False
It was his third career multihomer game and third this season . He also hit a solo shot in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Tom Wilhelmsen ( 2 - 1 ) pitched three innings of one - hit relief for the win . Hisashi Iwakuma pitched the 12th	True
Hisashi Iwakuma pitched the 12th for his second save in as many chances . Suzuki hit a leadoff homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the fourth	True
The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning on Beckham 's two - run homer , but the Mariners answered in the bottom half on Beckham 's two - run homer . Beckham hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Beckham hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the inning to give the White Sox a 6 - 5 lead . The White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Beckham 's two - run homer , his third	False
The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning on Beckham 's two - run homer . The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning on Beckham 's two - run homer , his third	False
He walked four and struck out six . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's bases - loaded walk . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's bases - loaded walk . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's bases - loaded walk . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's bases - loaded walk . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's bases - loaded walk . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's bases - loaded walk . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's bases - loaded walk . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's bases - loaded walk . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
Oakland went up 1 - 0 in the third inning when J. J. Hardy doubled and scored on a double by Adam Jones . The A 's made it 5 - 0 in the fifth	True
The Cubs have won six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . James Russell ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
James Russell ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th to earn the win . Carlos Beltran homered off Shawn Camp in the eighth	True
Carlos Beltran homered off Shawn Camp in the eighth to tie it 2 - 2 . James Russell ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
James Russell ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Carlos Beltran homered off Shawn Camp in the eighth	True
Carlos Beltran homered off Shawn Camp in the eighth to tie it 2 - 2 . It was Beltran 's third homer of the season and second	False
It was Beltran 's third homer of the season and second in two games . James Russell ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
James Russell ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Carlos Beltran homered off Shawn Camp in the eighth	True
Carlos Beltran homered off Shawn Camp in the eighth to tie it 2 - 2 . It was Beltran 's second homer of the season and second	False
It was Beltran 's second homer of the season and second in two games . James Russell ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
James Russell ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Carlos Beltran homered off Shawn Camp in the eighth	True
It was the first homer of the season for Beltran , who was acquired in a trade with the Los Angeles Dodgers on July 31 . The Cardinals had runners on first	False
It was the first homer of the season for Beltran , who was acquired in a trade with the Los Angeles Dodgers on July 31 . The Cardinals had runners on first and second	False
It was the first homer of the season for Beltran , who was acquired in a trade with the Los Angeles Dodgers on July 31 . The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Maholm struck out Allen Craig to end the inning . The Cardinals had runners on second	False
The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Maholm struck out Allen Craig to end the inning . The Cardinals had runners on second and third	False
The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Maholm struck out Allen Craig to end the inning . The Cardinals had runners on second and third with one out in the seventh	False
He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Yankees this season . Dustin Pedroia and Dustin Pedroia hit back - to - back home runs in the third	True
Correia ( 8 - 6 ) allowed two runs and four hits in six innings , striking out four and walking two . Joel Hanrahan pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander allowed three runs and eight hits , struck out nine and walked one . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth	True
Scott Hairston hit an RBI triple and scored on Scott Hairston 's groundout . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out two . Ronny Cedeno hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
He walked three , hit a batter and threw a wild pitch . The Mets scored twice in the eighth	True
He struck out five and walked four . The Nationals scored three runs in the eighth	True
The Nationals scored three runs in the eighth off Luis Avilan , who gave up a run - scoring single to Morse and a two - run single to Steve Lombardozzi . Chad Durbin pitched the 11th	True
Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 1 ) got the win with 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief . Aroldis Chapman struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for the win . Aroldis Chapman struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Aroldis Chapman struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
Phillips hit a three - run homer off Joe Saunders , who allowed four hits and three runs with three walks and five strikeouts in six - plus innings . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Royals scored a run in the fifth	True
Chris Getz 's RBI single in the fifth scored Eric Hosmer , who had doubled , to make it 4 - 1 . Chris Getz had an RBI single in the fifth	True
Ross homered twice and drove in a career - high six runs , Felix Doubront pitched six strong innings and the Red Sox beat the Chicago White Sox 10 - 1 on Tuesday night . Ross hit a three - run homer in the third inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth	True
Ross hit a three - run homer in the third inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth . He also had a two - run single in the sixth	True
Ross hit a three - run homer in the third inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth . He also had a two - run single in the sixth and added a two - run single in the sixth	True
He also had a two - run single in the sixth and added a two - run single in the sixth . Ross hit a three - run homer off Pedro Hernandez ( 0 - 1 ) in the third inning and added a two - run single in the sixth	False
The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Paul Konerko . The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the first	True
The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the first on a two - out RBI single by Gonzalez . The Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the first	False
Casper Wells had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Ichiro Suzuki had three hits for the Mariners . Greg Holland ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Billy Butler had three hits , including a home run , and Alex Gordon had three hits and two RBIs for the Royals . Greg Holland ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Lee hit a grand slam , Hanley Ramirez and Hanley Ramirez also homered and the Marlins beat the Chicago Cubs 9 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . Lee hit a two - run homer off Travis Wood ( 4 - 4 ) in the fourth inning and added a run - scoring single in the fifth	True
The Cubs had 13 hits , including three singles , a walk and a hit batter . Lee hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Kevin Youkilis singled , stole second	False
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Kevin Youkilis singled , stole second and scored on Cook 's wild pitch . The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the first	True
The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the first on a single by Cody Ross and an RBI single by Mike Aviles . The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning when Ortiz walked , stole second	False
The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning when Ortiz walked , stole second and scored on Mike Aviles ' single . The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning when Ortiz walked , stole second	False
The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning when Ortiz walked , stole second and scored on Mike Aviles ' single . The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning when Ortiz walked , stole second	False
He struck out six and walked one . J. J. Putz pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Dodgers had runners on first	False
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Dodgers had runners on first and second	False
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Dodgers had runners on first	False
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Dodgers had runners on first and second	False
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- Kendrys Morales had three hits and drove in three runs , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Baltimore Orioles 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Morales hit a two - run single in the fourth inning and drove in the go - ahead run with a two - out single in the fourth	True
He also stole three bases and scored two runs . LaTroy Hawkins ( 2 - 1 ) got two outs in the sixth	True
LaTroy Hawkins ( 2 - 1 ) got two outs in the sixth for the win . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth	True
Luis Ayala ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and four hits over 1 1/3 innings in his first major league appearance since Sept. 28 , 2011 , for the Los Angeles Angels against the Los Angeles Angels . LaTroy Hawkins ( 2 - 1 ) got the final two outs of the sixth	True
LaTroy Hawkins ( 2 - 1 ) got the final two outs of the sixth to earn the win . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth	True
Luis Ayala ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and four hits over 1 1/3 innings in his first major league appearance since Sept. 28 , 2009 , when he was with the Los Angeles Dodgers . The Angels ' bullpen gave up three runs and four hits in the fourth	True
The Angels ' bullpen gave up three runs and four hits in the fourth , including a two - run single by Morales that made it 8 - 7 . LaTroy Hawkins ( 2 - 1 ) got the final two outs of the sixth	True
LaTroy Hawkins ( 2 - 1 ) got the final two outs of the sixth to earn the win . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Juan Rivera 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Juan Rivera . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the second	True
The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the second on a two - out RBI single by Stephen Drew . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the second	False
The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the second on a run - scoring single by Stephen Drew and a single by Stephen Drew . The Diamondbacks cut it to 2 - 1 in the second	False
The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the second on a run - scoring single by Stephen Drew and a single by Stephen Drew . The Diamondbacks cut it to 2 - 1 in the second on a two - out RBI single by Stephen Drew , but Herrera tied it with a solo homer in the fourth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts against the White Sox . Rafael Soriano worked the ninth	True
Medlen ( 6 - 1 ) struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Craig Kimbrel struck out the side in the ninth	True
Phillies starter Vance Worley gave up four runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings . The Phillies jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the first	True
The Phillies jumped ahead 1 - 0 in the first on Ike Davis ' RBI single . The Phillies tied it in the fourth	True
The Phillies tied it in the fourth on Wright 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies tied it in the fifth	False
The Phillies tied it in the fifth on Wright 's sacrifice fly . Duda had an RBI double in the eighth	False
Duda had an RBI double in the eighth and scored on Wright 's sacrifice fly to make it 7 - 5 . Wright had an RBI double in the first	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Alex Gordon 's sacrifice fly in the first gave the Royals a 1 - 0 lead . Alex Gordon had a sacrifice fly in the first	False
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Adrian Gonzalez 's two - out RBI single . The Dodgers tied it 1 - 1 in the fourth	True
The Dodgers tied it 1 - 1 in the fourth on Carlos Lee 's two - out solo homer to left - center . The Marlins tied it in the fourth	True
The Marlins tied it in the fourth on Brantly 's two - out , two - run shot that made it 3 - 1 . Reyes led off the ninth	True
The Marlins tied it in the fourth on Brantly 's two - out , two - run shot that made it 3 - 1 . Reyes led off the ninth with his 19th homer , a solo shot off Shawn Tolleson , and Rob Brantly added a solo shot in the ninth	False
He struck out six and walked two . Michael Brantley hit a three - run homer in the first	True
He struck out six and walked two . Chris Perez pitched the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out six . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Justin Upton . The Padres tied it at 2 in the fourth	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Ian Kinsler had three hits , including a three - run homer in the second inning , and the Texas Rangers beat the Minnesota Twins 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Kinsler had three hits , including a three - run triple in the third	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Ian Kinsler had three hits , including a three - run homer in the second inning , and the Texas Rangers beat the Minnesota Twins 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Kinsler had three hits , including a three - run triple in the third and a three - run triple in the third	True
Kinsler had three hits , including a three - run triple in the third and a three - run triple in the third that made it 9 - 0 . Kinsler had a three - run triple in the third	True
Kinsler had three hits , including a three - run triple in the third and a three - run triple in the third that made it 9 - 0 . Kinsler had a three - run triple in the third and a three - run triple in the third	False
Kinsler had a three - run triple in the third and a three - run triple in the third off Brian Duensing ( 3 - 9 ) to give the Rangers a 9 - 0 lead . Kinsler had a three - run triple in the third	False
Kinsler had a three - run triple in the third and a three - run triple in the third off Brian Duensing ( 3 - 9 ) to give the Rangers a 9 - 0 lead . Kinsler had a three - run triple in the third and a three - run triple in the third	False
The right - hander gave up three homers in a game for the first time in his career , including a three - run homer by Juan Rivera in the first inning of the Marlins ' 4 - 3 loss to the Marlins on July 28 . The Dodgers ' first three batters reached base in the first	True
The Dodgers ' first three batters reached base in the first , but Billingsley got Stanton to ground into a double play and struck out Justin Ruggiano to end the inning . The Marlins tied it in the second	True
The Marlins tied it in the second on Bryan Petersen 's RBI groundout and Jose Reyes ' two - run homer . The Marlins tied it in the second	False
He struck out three and walked three . Skip Schumaker had a two - run single in the first	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.40 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers scored twice in the fourth	True
The Dodgers scored twice in the fourth to make it 4 - 0 on Angel Pagan 's RBI single and a run - scoring double by Posey . The Dodgers extended their lead to 4 - 0 in the fourth	True
He walked six and struck out two . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Josh Willingham led off with a double and scored on Trevor Plouffe 's sacrifice fly . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Josh Willingham led off with a double and scored on Trevor Plouffe 's sacrifice fly . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Josh Willingham led off with a double and scored on Trevor Plouffe 's sacrifice fly . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Josh Willingham led off with a double and scored on Trevor Plouffe 's sacrifice fly . The Mariners added a run in the third	True
The Mariners added a run in the third on a bases - loaded walk to John Jaso . Jaso hit a bases - loaded walk in the third	True
Jaso hit a bases - loaded walk in the third to give the Mariners a 2 - 1 lead . Saunders hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . Albert Pujols homered in the sixth	True
He struck out three and walked two . Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out 10 and walked one . Jonathan Papelbon struck out the side in the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out five . Ryan Braun had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth	True
He walked four and struck out five . Ryan Braun had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth	True
He walked four and struck out five . The Brewers took a 4 - 1 lead in the third	True
He struck out five and walked four . The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Angels have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Mike Trout went 3 - for - 4 with a homer and two RBIs for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
The Angels have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Hart hit a grand slam in the eighth inning and a grand slam off Josh Lindblom ( 2 - 3 ) to lead the Brewers to a 7 - 4 victory over the Phillies on Tuesday night . Braun hit a solo shot in the first	True
Hart hit a grand slam in the eighth inning and a grand slam off Josh Lindblom ( 2 - 3 ) to lead the Brewers to a 7 - 4 victory over the Phillies on Tuesday night . Braun hit a solo shot in the first and a solo shot in the fourth	True
Braun hit a solo shot in the first and a solo shot in the fourth to give the Brewers a 3 - 1 lead . It was Braun 's second career multihomer game and third	False
It was Braun 's second career multihomer game and third this season . Livan Hernandez ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Hernandez ( 11 - 5 ) struck out 12 in his first career complete game . It was the first	False
It was the first no - hitter in the majors this season . Hernandez ( 11 - 5 ) did n't allow a baserunner until Dustin Ackley singled with one out in the fourth	True
Hernandez ( 11 - 5 ) did n't allow a baserunner until Dustin Ackley singled with one out in the fourth . He struck out the side in the seventh	True
He struck out the side in the seventh and retired the last nine batters he faced . Hernandez ( 11 - 5 ) retired the first nine batters before Matt Joyce reached on an error by shortstop Elliot Johnson leading off the seventh	True
Hernandez ( 11 - 5 ) retired the first nine batters before Matt Joyce reached on an error by shortstop Elliot Johnson leading off the seventh . Hernandez struck out the side in the eighth	False
Hernandez struck out the side in the eighth . Hernandez ( 11 - 5 ) did n't allow a baserunner until Dustin Ackley singled with one out in the fourth	True
Hernandez ( 11 - 5 ) did n't allow a baserunner until Dustin Ackley singled with one out in the fourth . He struck out the side in the seventh	True
Hernandez struck out a career - high 12 in his first complete game of the season . He retired the first 10 batters before B. J. Upton reached on an error by shortstop Elliot Johnson leading off the seventh	True
He retired the first 10 batters before B. J. Upton reached on an error by shortstop Elliot Johnson leading off the seventh . Hernandez struck out the side in the eighth	False
He threw 77 of 113 pitches for strikes in his second complete game of the season . It was the first	False
It was the first no - hitter against the Rays this season . It was the first	False
It was the first no - hitter against the Rays this season . Hernandez did n't allow a hit until Dustin Ackley singled with two outs in the fourth	True
Hernandez did n't allow a hit until Dustin Ackley singled with two outs in the fourth . He struck out the side in the seventh	False
He struck out the side in the seventh . Hernandez struck out the side in the seventh	False
Hernandez struck out the side in the seventh , then retired the next three batters to end the inning . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the first	False
It was the first no - hitter against the Rays this season . Hernandez did n't allow a hit until Dustin Ackley singled with one out in the fourth	True
Hernandez did n't allow a hit until Dustin Ackley singled with one out in the fourth . He was replaced by Kyle Farnsworth , who pitched a perfect eighth	True
Rosario hit a game - ending two - run double with one out in the ninth inning , lifting the Colorado Rockies to a 7 - 6 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . The Rockies took a 6 - 5 lead in the seventh	True
He struck out three and walked three . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Chris Nelson and a two - run single by Nelson . The Rockies took a 5 - 4 lead in the fifth	True
Doumit had three hits , including a three - run homer , and Samuel Deduno pitched seven strong innings to lead the Twins to a 9 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Doumit had three hits , including a three - run homer in the seventh inning , and Darin Mastroianni added a three - run shot in the seventh	True
Machado hit a two - run homer in the second inning , and the Orioles beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Machado hit a two - run drive in the second inning , and the Orioles took advantage of two Kansas City errors to take a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth	True
The right - hander is winless in his last four starts . The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
Alex Gordon led off with a double and scored on a double by Brayan Pena . The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth	True
Alex Gordon led off with a double and scored on a double by Brayan Pena . The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth	True
Alex Gordon led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Brayan Pena . Kansas City closed to 2 - 1 in the fourth	True
Kansas City closed to 2 - 1 in the fourth when Alex Gordon doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Brayan Pena . The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth	False
Butler led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Brayan Pena . Kansas City pulled even in the fifth	True
Kansas City pulled even in the fifth when Alex Gordon doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Brayan Pena . Kansas City closed to 2 - 1 in the fourth	True
Carlos Corporan hit a tying home run in the eighth inning and Carlos Corporan added a two - run homer as the Astros rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Carlos Corporan hit a tying homer in the eighth inning and Carlos Corporan added a solo shot in the eighth	True
Carlos Corporan hit a tying homer in the eighth inning and Carlos Corporan added a solo shot in the eighth for the Astros , who won for the sixth time in seven games . Wilton Lopez ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Wilton Lopez ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . John Axford ( 4 - 7 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and two runs -- one earned -- in one - third	True
John Axford ( 4 - 7 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and two runs -- one earned -- in one - third of an inning . Wilton Lopez ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 in four career starts at AT & T Park . Rafael Betancourt pitched a perfect ninth	True
BALTIMORE -- Matt Wieters had a career - high five RBIs , Matt Wieters drove in a career - high five runs and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Seattle Mariners 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Wieters had a two - run double in the first inning and a two - run homer in the fourth	True
BALTIMORE -- Matt Wieters had a career - high five RBIs , Matt Wieters drove in a career - high five runs and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Seattle Mariners 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Wieters had a two - run double in the first inning and a two - run homer in the fourth , and Mark Reynolds added a solo shot in the fourth	True
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Addison Reed worked the ninth	True
He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Addison Reed worked the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Billy Butler hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Billy Butler hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Nate Jones ( 5 - 0 ) gave up an unearned run in two innings for the win . Addison Reed worked the ninth	True
Nate Jones ( 5 - 0 ) gave up an unearned run in two innings . Addison Reed worked the ninth	True
Nate Jones ( 5 - 0 ) gave up an unearned run in two innings for the win . Addison Reed worked around a leadoff walk in the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Tigers this season . Fielder hit a two - run double in the third	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Tigers this season . Fielder hit a two - run double in the third and a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Fielder hit a two - run double in the third and a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Tigers a 7 - 1 lead . Fielder added an RBI single in the sixth	True
The Indians scored three runs in the second inning , including a two - run double by Fielder and a two - run double by Alex Avila . Cleveland tied it in the third	True
Justin Morneau hit a go - ahead single in the 10th inning , and the Twins beat the Red Sox 6 - 5 . Morneau had four hits and drove in the go - ahead run in the 10th	True
Boston starter Brian Duensing gave up five runs -- two earned -- and 10 hits in six innings . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Morneau 's RBI single . The Red Sox tied it in the second	True
The Red Sox tied it in the second on a two - out RBI single by Kelly Shoppach . The Red Sox tied it in the second	False
Cristhian Martinez ( 5 - 2 ) gave up four hits and one run in three innings . Craig Kimbrel escaped a bases - loaded jam in the ninth	True
Cristhian Martinez ( 5 - 2 ) gave up four hits and one run in three innings . Craig Kimbrel escaped a bases - loaded jam in the ninth by striking out Emilio Bonifacio and Emilio Bonifacio with runners on first	False
Cristhian Martinez ( 5 - 2 ) gave up four hits and one run in three innings . Craig Kimbrel escaped a bases - loaded jam in the ninth by striking out Emilio Bonifacio and Emilio Bonifacio with runners on first and second	False
The right - hander had to settle for a two - out , go - ahead double in the ninth inning , and the Cincinnati Reds rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Xavier Paul and Xavier Paul homered off Joel Hanrahan ( 5 - 2 ) to tie it at 3 in the ninth	True
It was Paul 's third career pinch - hit homer and first since July 31 , 2011 , against the Pirates . Paul 's pinch - hit homer off Joel Hanrahan ( 5 - 2 ) tied it at 3 - 3 in the ninth	True
Paul 's pinch - hit homer off Joel Hanrahan ( 5 - 2 ) tied it at 3 - 3 in the ninth . Hanrahan ( 5 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a tying homer to Xavier Paul in the ninth	True
Hanrahan ( 5 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a tying homer to Xavier Paul in the ninth . Hanrahan ( 5 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a pinch - hit homer to Xavier Paul in the ninth	False
Hanrahan ( 5 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a pinch - hit homer to Xavier Paul in the ninth . Hanrahan ( 5 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a pinch - hit homer to Xavier Paul in the ninth	False
Hanrahan ( 5 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a pinch - hit homer to Xavier Paul in the ninth . Hanrahan ( 5 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a pinch - hit homer to Xavier Paul leading off the ninth	True
Sean Marshall ( 5 - 5 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning to get the win . Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out two , but Chapman got Josh Harrison to ground into a game - ending double play . Chapman had two strikeouts in a scoreless ninth	True
Derek Holland ( 12 - 6 ) allowed a season - high seven runs and 12 hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Joe Nathan pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Derek Holland ( 12 - 6 ) allowed seven runs and 12 hits in 6 2/3 innings . Joe Nathan pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . Joe Nathan pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out six and walked two . The Padres scored three runs in the eighth	True
Pinch-hitter Mark Kotsay had a two - run double , pinch - hitter Mark Kotsay hit a two - run double and pinch hitter Will Venable had an RBI single . Belisario gave up three runs in the eighth	True
Belisario gave up three runs in the eighth , including pinch - hitter Mark Kotsay 's two - run , pinch - hit double . Belisario gave up three runs and three hits in the eighth	True
The Los Angeles Angels ' first game - ending hit of the season came on a pitch from Stephen Pryor ( 3 - 1 ) in the ninth inning of a game that lasted 4 hours , 47 minutes . The Angels , who have lost six of seven , took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
The Angels , who have lost six of seven , took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth on Franklin Gutierrez 's sacrifice fly and Brendan Ryan 's run - scoring single . Ernesto Frieri ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Angels have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Ernesto Frieri ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Mariners have lost four of five . Ernesto Frieri ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Justin Turner hit a two - run homer and Justin Turner added a two - run shot for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Justin Turner hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He struck out four , walked one and hit a batter . Joe Mauer had three hits , including an RBI single in the seventh	True
Joe Mauer had three hits , including an RBI single in the seventh that made it 5 - 3 . Casey Fien ( 2 - 1 ) picked up the win despite giving up a solo homer to Russell Martin in the top of the seventh	True
Casey Fien ( 2 - 1 ) picked up the win despite giving up a solo homer to Russell Martin in the top of the seventh . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Delmon Young . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double and Miguel Cabrera 's run - scoring single . Detroit took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
Detroit took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double and Miguel Cabrera 's run - scoring single . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Delmon Young . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Delmon Young . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Delmon Young . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
He struck out nine . Gaby Sanchez tied it at 1 with a leadoff homer in the second inning , but the Pirates tied it in the second	True
Gaby Sanchez tied it at 1 with a leadoff homer in the second inning , but the Pirates tied it in the second when Gaby Sanchez tied it at 1 with a leadoff homer to right . The Pirates tied it at 1 in the second	True
The Pirates tied it at 1 in the second when Sanchez homered to left - center on a 1 - 0 pitch . The Pirates tied it in the second	True
The Pirates tied it in the second when Sanchez led off with a double and scored on a single by Castro to push the lead to 1 - 0 . The Pirates tied it in the second	True
The Pirates tied it in the second when Sanchez led off with a double and scored on a single by Castro to push the lead to 1 - 0 . The Pirates tied it in the second when Sanchez led off with a single , stole second	False
The Pirates tied it in the second when Sanchez led off with a double and scored on a single by Castro to push the lead to 1 - 0 . The Pirates tied it in the second when Sanchez led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
He scored on a single by Wallace to push the lead to 1 - 0 . The Pirates tied it in the second	True
The Pirates tied it in the second when Sanchez led off with a double and scored on a double by Castro to make it 1 - 0 . The Pirates tied it in the second	True
ST. LOUIS -- Allen Craig 's three - run homer capped a four - run first inning and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Houston Astros 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Craig 's three - run homer off Bud Norris ( 5 - 13 ) gave the Cardinals a 3 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first	True
The right - hander has won his last three starts and has a 2.96 ERA over that span . Tyler Clippard pitched the ninth	True
Rizzo hit two home runs , including a grand slam , and drove in six runs to lead the Cubs to a 13 - 9 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Rizzo had a career - high six RBIs , including a go - ahead grand slam off Jared Hughes ( 2 - 2 ) in the sixth	True
Rizzo had a career - high six RBIs , including a go - ahead grand slam off Jared Hughes ( 2 - 2 ) in the sixth . It was Rizzo 's first multihomer game of the season and the first	False
It was Rizzo 's first multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . It was his first career two - homer game , and he also hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
It was his first career two - homer game , and he also hit a two - run homer in the fifth off Jeff Locke to give the Cubs a 10 - 9 lead . Jeff Beliveau ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs in the sixth	True
Jeff Beliveau ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs in the sixth to earn his first major league win . Jared Hughes ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and two hits in one - third	True
Starling Marte had three hits and drove in a run for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Jeff Locke ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs in the sixth	True
Jeff Locke ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs in the sixth for his first major league win . He allowed a two - run homer to Alvarez and a three - run shot to Pedro Alvarez , his first	False
He walked one and struck out three . Tom Wilhelmsen worked the ninth	True
Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer , Rickie Weeks added a three - run shot and the Brewers beat the Atlanta Braves 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning and Rickie Weeks added a three - run double in the fifth	True
Guillermo Moscoso ( 2 - 1 ) earned the win with two innings of relief . Rafael Betancourt pitched the ninth	True
He struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Josh Rutledge and a run - scoring single by Charlie Blackmon . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Josh Rutledge and a run - scoring single by Charlie Blackmon . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Josh Rutledge and a run - scoring single by Charlie Blackmon . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Josh Rutledge and a run - scoring single by Charlie Blackmon . San Francisco took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Yankees have won seven of eight and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . Rodriguez hit a three - run shot in the fourth inning , and the Yankees added three more in the fourth	True
The right - hander gave up three home runs , including three homers , in a span of four starts . Manny Machado hit a solo shot in the seventh	True
He struck out three and walked three . Tom Wilhelmsen pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked two . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth	True
He struck out nine and walked one . Tampa Bay took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out nine and walked one . Tampa Bay took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - run double by Ben Zobrist and a two - run triple by Ben Zobrist in the fifth	True
Tampa Bay took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - run double by Ben Zobrist and a two - run triple by Ben Zobrist in the fifth . Tampa Bay went ahead 4 - 3 in the sixth	False
LOS ANGELES -- Hanley Ramirez hit a tying home run with one out in the ninth inning , and the Los Angeles Dodgers rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Andre Ethier tied it at 3 with a solo homer off Luke Gregerson with one out in the ninth	True
LOS ANGELES -- Hanley Ramirez hit a tying home run with one out in the ninth inning , and the Los Angeles Dodgers rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Andre Ethier tied it at 3 with a solo homer off Luke Gregerson with one out in the ninth , and Hanley Ramirez tied it at 3 with a solo shot off Luke Gregerson with one out in the ninth	False
Andre Ethier tied it at 3 with a solo homer off Luke Gregerson with one out in the ninth , and Hanley Ramirez tied it at 3 with a solo shot off Luke Gregerson with one out in the ninth . Andre Ethier tied it at 3 with a solo homer off Luke Gregerson with one out in the ninth	False
Andre Ethier tied it at 3 with a solo homer off Luke Gregerson with one out in the ninth . Andre Ethier tied it at 3 with a solo homer off Luke Gregerson with one out in the ninth	False
Andre Ethier tied it at 3 with a solo homer off Luke Gregerson with one out in the ninth . Andre Ethier tied it at 3 with a solo homer off Luke Gregerson with one out in the ninth	False
Andre Ethier tied it at 3 with a solo homer off Luke Gregerson with one out in the ninth . Andre Ethier tied it at 3 with a solo homer off Luke Gregerson with one out in the ninth	False
Andre Ethier tied it at 3 with a solo homer off Luke Gregerson with one out in the ninth . Andre Ethier tied it at 3 with a solo homer off Luke Gregerson with one out in the ninth	False
The Giants took advantage of a throwing error by third baseman Marco Scutaro to beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Angel Pagan hit a go - ahead single in the ninth	True
The Giants took advantage of a throwing error by third baseman Marco Scutaro to beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Angel Pagan hit a go - ahead single in the ninth off Carlos Marmol ( 2 - 3 ) , and Angel Pagan hit a go - ahead single in the ninth	True
Angel Pagan hit a go - ahead single in the ninth off Carlos Marmol ( 2 - 3 ) , and Angel Pagan hit a go - ahead single in the ninth off Carlos Marmol ( 2 - 3 ) . Santiago Casilla ( 6 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
Alfonso Soriano hit a three - run homer and Darwin Barney had three hits for the Cubs . Santiago Casilla ( 6 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
Alfonso Soriano hit a three - run homer and Darwin Barney had three hits for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Santiago Casilla ( 6 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
DENVER -- Chase Headley had a career - high five hits and drove in a career - high six runs as the Colorado Rockies beat the San Diego Padres 11 - 10 on Tuesday night . Headley hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run single in the fourth	True
Headley hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run single in the fourth . He had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the fourth	True
He had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth	True
He had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth	True
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth , a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth , a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth , a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth , a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth to make it 7 - 6 . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth to make it 7 - 6 . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth to make it 7 - 6 . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth to make it 7 - 6 . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth	False
Matt Joyce hit a go - ahead two - run single in the eighth inning and the Rays held on for a 5 - 4 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Niemann ( 2 - 0 ) worked 2 1/3 innings , giving up a two - run single to Adam Lind and a two - run single to Adam Lind in the eighth	True
The Blue Jays have lost four of five . Adam Lind hit a two - run single and Adam Lind had a two - run single as the Blue Jays took a 4 - 0 lead in the third	True
He walked four and struck out two . Alvarez , who walked four and struck out two , was replaced by Lincoln in the third	True
He walked four and struck out two . Alvarez , who walked four and struck out two , was replaced by Lincoln in the third	True
The Yankees have lost five of their last six games , and they did n't get much going against Scherzer , who struck out 10 and allowed two hits in 5 2/3 innings . Drew Smyly got one out in the eighth	True
The Yankees have lost five of their last six games , and they did n't get much going against Scherzer , who struck out 10 and allowed two hits in 5 2/3 innings . Drew Smyly got one out in the eighth , and Drew Smyly got one out in the eighth	False
Drew Smyly got one out in the eighth , and Drew Smyly got one out in the eighth . Phil Coke pitched two hitless innings for the Tigers , and Drew Smyly got one out in the eighth	True
Phil Coke pitched two hitless innings for the Tigers , and Drew Smyly got one out in the eighth . Phil Coke pitched two hitless innings for the Tigers , and Drew Smyly got one out in the eighth	False
Phil Coke pitched two hitless innings for the Tigers , and Drew Smyly got one out in the eighth . Phil Coke pitched two hitless innings for the Tigers , and Drew Smyly got one out in the eighth	False
Ryan Mattheus ( 1 - 0 ) got the win with one inning of relief . Drew Storen pitched a perfect ninth	True
Ryan Mattheus ( 1 - 0 ) got the win with one inning of relief . Drew Storen pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out five and walked seven . Drew Storen pitched a perfect ninth	True
MIAMI -- Jose Reyes had three hits , including a game - ending RBI single in the 11th inning , and the Miami Marlins beat the New York Mets 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Reyes singled off Collin McHugh ( 0 - 4 ) with one out in the 11th	True
MIAMI -- Jose Reyes had three hits , including a game - ending RBI single in the 11th inning , and the Miami Marlins beat the New York Mets 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Reyes singled off Collin McHugh ( 0 - 4 ) with one out in the 11th , stole second	False
It was Maldonado 's first grand slam since July 31 , 2011 , against the Padres . Jim Henderson ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
It was Maldonado 's first grand slam since July 31 , 2011 , against the Padres . Jim Henderson ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth and John Axford worked the ninth	False
The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.29 ERA in three starts against the Cardinals this season . Aroldis Chapman pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out two and walked two . Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Orioles , who have lost three of four . Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Brandon Phillips had three hits and drove in a run for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Brandon Phillips had three hits for the Reds , including an RBI single in the seventh	True
Brandon Phillips had three hits for the Reds , including an RBI single in the seventh that cut the lead to 6 - 3 . The Reds scored an unearned run in the seventh	True
He struck out three and walked two . John Mayberry Jr. hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
He struck out three and walked two . John Mayberry Jr. hit a solo homer in the fifth and John Mayberry Jr. added a solo shot in the fifth	True
He struck out three and walked two . John Mayberry Jr. hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
He struck out three and walked two . John Mayberry Jr. hit a solo homer in the fifth and John Mayberry Jr. added a solo shot in the fifth	True
He struck out three and walked two . The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on Howard 's sacrifice fly and a sacrifice fly by Howard . The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	False
Ronald Belisario ( 2 - 2 ) struck out three in 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Brandon League pitched the ninth	True
Ronald Belisario ( 2 - 2 ) struck out three in 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Brandon League pitched the ninth	True
Ronald Belisario ( 2 - 2 ) struck out three in 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Brandon League pitched the ninth	True
Brandon League pitched the ninth for his seventh save in seven attempts , giving up a run - scoring single to Jean Segura and a run - scoring single to Jean Segura . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Andre Ethier . The Brewers tied it at 3 in the fifth	True
The Brewers tied it at 3 in the fifth on a two - out double by Gonzalez and a run - scoring single by Jean Segura . The Brewers tied it at 3 in the fifth	False
He struck out seven and walked four . Addison Reed worked the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked four . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Evan Longoria . The White Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the first	True
The White Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the first on Paul Konerko 's RBI double and Conor Gillaspie 's sacrifice fly . The White Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first	True
The White Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first on Paul Konerko 's RBI double and Conor Gillaspie 's sacrifice fly . The White Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first	False
The White Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first on Paul Konerko 's RBI double and Conor Gillaspie 's sacrifice fly . The White Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first	False
The White Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first on Paul Konerko 's RBI double and Conor Gillaspie 's sacrifice fly . The White Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first	False
Miguel Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Jim Johnson worked the ninth	True
Miguel Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings for the Orioles , who have won three of four . Jim Johnson worked the ninth	True
Miguel Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) allowed three runs and five hits in six innings for the Orioles , who have won three of four . Jim Johnson worked the ninth	True
Gordon hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth inning , and the Royals beat the Boston Red Sox 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Gordon homered in the fifth inning and added a solo shot off Koji Uehara in the eighth	True
Gordon homered in the fifth inning and added a solo shot off Koji Uehara in the eighth . Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Greg Holland struck out the side in the 10th	True
Mike Napoli homered and drove in a run for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Greg Holland struck out the side in the 10th	True
Boston starter Jeremy Guthrie gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings , walking four and striking out two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Gordon doubled and scored on Lorenzo Cain 's double - play grounder . Butler led off the fifth	True
Butler led off the fifth with his first homer of the season , tying it at 3 . Butler led off the fifth	True
Butler led off the fifth with his first homer of the season , tying it at 3 . The Royals tied it in the fifth	True
The Royals tied it in the fifth when Gordon doubled and scored on Lorenzo Cain 's fielder 's choice . Butler led off the fifth	True
Butler led off the fifth with his first homer of the season , tying it at 3 . The Royals tied it in the fifth	True
The Royals tied it in the fifth when Gordon doubled and scored on Lorenzo Cain 's groundout . Kottaras hit his first homer of the season in the fifth	True
He struck out three and walked one . Jed Lowrie had four hits for the A 's , including a run - scoring single in the first	True
Jed Lowrie had four hits for the A 's , including a run - scoring single in the first . Jed Lowrie had four hits for the A 's , including a run - scoring single in the first	True
Jed Lowrie had four hits for the A 's , including a run - scoring single in the first . Jed Lowrie had four hits for the A 's , including an RBI single in the first	True
Jed Lowrie had four hits for the A 's , including an RBI single in the first . Jed Lowrie had four hits for the A 's , including a run - scoring single in the first	True
Jed Lowrie had four hits for the A 's , including a run - scoring single in the first . Jed Lowrie had four hits for the A 's , including a run - scoring single in the first	True
Jed Lowrie had four hits for the A 's , including a run - scoring single in the first . Coco Crisp hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Coco Crisp hit a solo homer in the seventh for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jed Lowrie had four hits for the A 's , including a run - scoring single in the first	True
Jed Lowrie had four hits for the A 's , including a run - scoring single in the first . Coco Crisp hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Coco Crisp hit a solo homer in the seventh for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Jed Lowrie had four hits for the A 's , including a run - scoring single in the first	True
Jed Lowrie had four hits for the A 's , including a run - scoring single in the first . Lowrie had an RBI single during a two - run first	True
Lowrie had an RBI single during a two - run first that put the Athletics ahead 2 - 0 . Lowrie had an RBI single in the first	True
Lowrie had an RBI single during a two - run first that put the Athletics ahead 2 - 0 . Lowrie had an RBI single in the first , and Brandon Moss had a run - scoring single in the first	True
BALTIMORE -- Matt Wieters hit a grand slam in the 10th inning to lift the Baltimore Orioles to a 10 - 6 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Wieters hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the 10th	True
It was the first game - ending slam of the season for Reimold , who hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the 10th inning to give the Orioles a 6 - 4 win over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Troy Patton ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Troy Patton ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the Orioles , who took two of three from Tampa Bay . Troy Patton ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	False
Desmond Jennings homered and had three hits for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Desmond Jennings homered and had three hits , including a solo shot off Darren O'Day in the eighth	True
Desmond Jennings homered and had three hits , including a solo shot off Darren O'Day in the eighth . Troy Patton ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the 10th	True
He walked one and struck out six . Tyler Flowers hit an RBI double off Esmil Rogers in the eighth	True
He walked one and struck out six . Tyler Flowers hit an RBI double off Esmil Rogers in the eighth , but Casey Janssen pitched the ninth	True
He threw 105 pitches , 75 for strikes . Drew Smyly ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 14th	True
Drew Smyly ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 14th to earn the win . Joaquin Benoit pitched the 14th	True
Drew Smyly ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 14th to earn the win . Joaquin Benoit pitched the 14th for his first save of the season and first	False
Joaquin Benoit pitched the 14th for his first save of the season and first this season . Drew Smyly ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 14th	True
Drew Smyly ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 14th to earn the win . Joaquin Benoit pitched the 14th	True
Hernandez struck out a career - high 12 in eight innings . He struck out a season - high 12 and did n't allow a hit until Victor Martinez 's one - out single in the fifth	True
Hernandez struck out a career - high 12 in eight innings . He struck out the side in the eighth	True
Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a solo homer for the Red Sox , who won for just the second time in nine games . Andrew Bailey ( 1 - 0 ) allowed a run in the ninth	True
Evan Longoria homered for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Andrew Bailey ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the ninth	True
Evan Longoria hit a solo homer for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a double and scored on Victorino 's groundout . The Rays tied it in the fourth	True
The Rays tied it in the fourth when Desmond Jennings singled and scored on Zobrist 's two - out single . Tampa Bay tied it in the fourth	True
Zobrist 's RBI single in the ninth made it 2 - 2 , but Dempster struck out Ryan Roberts and Ryan Roberts to end the threat . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a double and scored on a groundout by Shane Victorino . Boston tied it in the fourth	True
Alex Gordon 's RBI single in the bottom of the ninth inning lifted the Royals to a 3 - 2 victory over the Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Jarrod Dyson led off the ninth	True
Darren Oliver ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss in relief of Ervin Santana , who gave up two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in eight innings . Kelvin Herrera ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out three and walked one . The Royals tied it at 2 in the sixth	True
The Royals tied it at 2 in the sixth when Jarrod Dyson led off with a double and scored on Alcides Escobar 's sacrifice fly . The Royals tied it in the sixth	True
The Royals tied it in the sixth when Jarrod Dyson led off with a double and scored on Alcides Escobar 's sacrifice fly . The Royals tied it in the sixth	False
The Royals tied it in the sixth when Jarrod Dyson led off with a double and scored on Alcides Escobar 's sacrifice fly . The Royals tied it in the sixth	False
ST. LOUIS -- Ryan Braun hit a go - ahead homer in the 10th inning to lift the Milwaukee Brewers to a 4 - 3 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Friday night . Braun hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Brandon Kintzler ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Burke Badenhop got the final out in the 10th	True
Burke Badenhop got the final out in the 10th for his first career save . Jonathan Lucroy hit a solo homer off Trevor Rosenthal in the 10th	True
Brandon Kintzler ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Burke Badenhop got the final out in the 10th	True
Burke Badenhop got the final out in the 10th for his first career save . Matt Adams hit his first homer for St. Louis , a solo shot in the fourth	True
Burke Badenhop got the final out in the 10th for his first career save . Matt Adams hit his first homer for St. Louis , a solo shot in the fourth , and Matt Adams hit his first homer of the season in the fourth	True
Matt Adams hit his first homer for St. Louis , a solo shot in the fourth , and Matt Adams hit his first homer of the season in the fourth to make it 3 - 0 . Yuniesky Betancourt had an RBI double in the ninth	False
Yuniesky Betancourt had an RBI double in the ninth for the Brewers , who have won three of four . Burke Badenhop got the final out in the 10th	False
Burke Badenhop got the final out in the 10th for his first career save . Matt Adams hit his first homer of the season for St. Louis , a solo shot off Estrada in the fourth	True
Matt Adams hit his first homer of the season for St. Louis , a solo shot off Estrada in the fourth . Matt Adams hit his first homer of the season in the fourth	True
Oakland 's Jed Lowrie struck out three times and struck out in his first two at - bats . He struck out swinging on a 3 - 2 pitch with runners on first	False
Oakland 's Jed Lowrie struck out three times and struck out in his first two at - bats . He struck out swinging on a 3 - 2 pitch with runners on first and second	False
Oakland 's Jed Lowrie struck out three times and struck out in his first two at - bats . He struck out swinging on a 3 - 2 pitch with runners on first and second to end the eighth	True
Oakland 's Jed Lowrie was 0 - for - 5 with two strikeouts , dropping his average to .121 . He struck out swinging in the ninth	True
Anthony Rizzo hit a tiebreaking , two - run single in the eighth inning and the Cubs beat the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . David DeJesus had three hits , including a two - run single in the eighth	True
Anthony Rizzo hit a tiebreaking , two - run single in the eighth inning and the Cubs beat the Milwaukee Brewers 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . David DeJesus had three hits , including a two - run single in the eighth , and Carlos Marmol ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
David DeJesus had three hits , including a two - run single in the eighth , and Carlos Marmol ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Kyuji Fujikawa pitched the ninth	True
David DeJesus had three hits and drove in two runs for the Cubs , who won for just the second time in 10 games . Carlos Marmol ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Carlos Marmol ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Kyuji Fujikawa pitched the ninth	True
Ryan Braun had two hits and drove in a run for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Carlos Marmol ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Carlos Marmol ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Kyuji Fujikawa pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
Houston starter Paul Clemens ( 1 - 0 ) allowed six hits and five runs in four innings . He was replaced by Hector Ambriz after giving up a two - run single to Justin Smoak in the ninth	True
He was replaced by Hector Ambriz after giving up a two - run single to Justin Smoak in the ninth . Hector Ambriz gave up a two - run single to Justin Smoak and a two - run single to Justin Smoak in the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked one . Jim Henderson pitched the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked five . The Cubs scored four runs in the first	True
He threw 75 of his 104 pitches for strikes . Aaron Crow worked the ninth	True
He struck out one and walked one . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ryan Doumit 's two - out RBI single . The Royals had runners on first	False
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ryan Doumit 's two - out RBI single . The Royals had runners on first and second	False
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ryan Doumit 's two - out RBI single . The Royals had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
The Royals had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Santana struck out Aaron Hicks and Aaron Hicks to end the inning . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Ryan Doumit . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the fourth	True
Brandon Lyon ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Collin Cowgill homered in the eighth	True
Collin Cowgill homered in the eighth off Chad Qualls . Brandon Lyon ( 1 - 0 ) struck out two in a scoreless eighth	True
Brandon Lyon ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . The Mets took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
Brandon Lyon ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . The Mets took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Greg Dobbs ' two - out RBI single , but the Mets tied it in the seventh	True
The Mets took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Greg Dobbs ' two - out RBI single , but the Mets tied it in the seventh on Greg Dobbs ' two - out RBI single off Josh Edgin . Bobby Parnell pitched the eighth	True
The Mets took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Greg Dobbs ' two - out RBI single , but the Mets tied it in the seventh on Greg Dobbs ' two - out RBI single off Josh Edgin . Bobby Parnell pitched the eighth and Bobby Parnell worked a perfect ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Dobbs . The Mets took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Joe Nathan pitched a hitless ninth	True
Derek Holland allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Joe Nathan pitched a hitless ninth	True
The Rangers have won six of their last seven games against the Angels , who have the best record in the American League . Tanner Scheppers ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Tanner Scheppers ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth to get the win . Joe Nathan pitched a hitless ninth	False
He struck out four and walked two . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Mike Trout 's RBI double and Mike Trout 's run - scoring double in the fifth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Rays trailed 4 - 0 before Duncan 's three - run homer off Tommy Hunter ( 0 - 1 ) with two outs in the sixth inning . It was the first game - ending homer of the season for Duncan , who hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
It was the first game - ending homer of the season for Duncan , who hit a two - run homer in the sixth to tie the game at 4 . Duncan 's three - run homer off Tommy Hunter ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Rays a 4 - 4 lead in the sixth	True
Duncan 's three - run homer off Tommy Hunter ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Rays a 4 - 4 lead in the sixth . Duncan 's three - run homer off Tommy Hunter ( 0 - 1 ) made it 4 - 4 in the sixth	True
Duncan 's three - run homer off Tommy Hunter ( 0 - 1 ) made it 4 - 4 in the sixth . Duncan 's three - run homer off Tommy Hunter ( 0 - 1 ) made it 4 - 4 in the sixth	False
Duncan 's three - run homer off Tommy Hunter ( 0 - 1 ) made it 4 - 4 in the sixth . Duncan 's three - run homer off Luis Ayala tied it at 4 in the sixth	False
Jason Vargas ( 5 - 3 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking two . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked three . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Yunel Escobar had three hits and drove in two runs for the Rays , who have won three of four . Fernando Rodney ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 5.61 ERA in four starts against Tampa Bay this season . The Rays took a 4 - 0 lead in the third	True
Verlander ( 6 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in seven innings , walking two and striking out a season - high 13 . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked two . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . The Pirates tied it in the fourth	True
Duda hit a tiebreaking single in the eighth inning and the Mets rallied for three runs in the eighth inning to beat the Braves 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Duda hit a leadoff homer in the fourth	True
Duda hit a tiebreaking single in the eighth inning and the Mets rallied for three runs in the eighth inning to beat the Braves 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Duda hit a leadoff homer in the fourth off Atlanta starter Julio Teheran , and Ike Davis added a two - run single in the eighth	True
Duda hit a leadoff homer in the fourth off Atlanta starter Julio Teheran , and Ike Davis added a two - run single in the eighth . LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Bobby Parnell pitched a perfect ninth	True
Bobby Parnell pitched a perfect ninth for his seventh save in seven chances . Dan Uggla hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Dan Uggla hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Braves , who have lost four of five . LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Bobby Parnell pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Duda hit a leadoff homer in the fourth	True
It was Duda 's first home run since July 31 . The Mets tied it in the seventh	True
Soriano hit a tying , two - run homer off Logan Ondrusek in the eighth inning , giving the Cubs a 4 - 0 lead . Soriano 's two - run homer off Logan Ondrusek pulled the Cubs to 4 - 4 in the eighth	True
Kevin Gregg ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Carlos Marmol pitched the eighth	True
Carlos Marmol pitched the eighth and Kevin Gregg got the last three outs for his first save in three chances . Soriano hit a two - run homer off Logan Ondrusek in the eighth	True
Kevin Gregg ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Carlos Marmol worked the eighth	True
Strasburg ( 3 - 5 ) allowed one run and five hits , struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He also had two hits , including a two - out RBI single in the eighth	True
Strasburg ( 3 - 5 ) allowed one run and five hits , struck out nine and walked none . He also had two hits , including a two - out RBI single in the eighth	True
He lasted only 3 2/3 innings , giving up seven runs and seven hits . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Eric Chavez hit a two - run homer and Paul Goldschmidt followed with an RBI single . Chavez hit a sacrifice fly in the third	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts and is 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Grant Balfour worked the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out one . Rafael Betancourt struck out the side in the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out one . Rafael Betancourt struck out the side in the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out one . Rafael Betancourt struck out the side in the ninth	True
Rafael Betancourt struck out the side in the ninth for his 10th save in 11 chances . Posey hit a sacrifice fly in the first	True
Rafael Betancourt struck out the side in the ninth for his 10th save in 11 chances . Posey hit a sacrifice fly in the first and a run - scoring single in the second	True
Posey hit a sacrifice fly in the first and a run - scoring single in the second to make it 4 - 0 . The Giants took a 5 - 4 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out two and walked two . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out two and walked two . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a three - run homer by Todd Helton , his third	False
The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a three - run homer by Todd Helton , his third of the season . The Rockies added three more runs in the third	True
He struck out two and walked two . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out two and walked two . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a three - run homer by Rosario , his third	False
He struck out seven and walked five . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Cabrera and a bases - loaded walk to Giambi . The Indians made it 3 - 0 in the second	True
Josh Hamilton and Brendan Harris also homered for the Angels , who have won four of five . Garrett Richards ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win , and Ernesto Frieri struck out the side in the ninth	True
Garrett Richards ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win , and Ernesto Frieri struck out the side in the ninth for his fifth save . Garrett Richards ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win , and Ernesto Frieri struck out the side in the ninth	False
Ryan Pressly ( 1 - 0 ) pitched four scoreless innings in relief of Minnesota starter Felix Doubront , who gave up six runs and 11 hits in 1 2/3 innings . The Red Sox took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Aaron Hicks and a two - run homer by Doumit . The Red Sox took a 14 - 6 lead in the fifth	True
The Red Sox took a 14 - 6 lead in the fifth on a two - run single by Aaron Hicks and a two - run double by Aaron Hicks . The Red Sox took a 14 - 6 lead in the fifth	False
The Red Sox took a 14 - 6 lead in the fifth on a two - run single by Aaron Hicks , a sacrifice fly by Morneau and an RBI double by Aaron Hicks . Gomes hit a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Gomes hit a sacrifice fly in the seventh to make it 14 - 7 . Gomes hit a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
He struck out four and walked one . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked three . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out eight . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He walked three and struck out eight . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Steve Lombardozzi and a two - out , two - run double by Steve Lombardozzi in the second	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Steve Lombardozzi and a two - out , two - run double by Steve Lombardozzi in the second . Span had a two - run double in the second	True
Span had a two - run double in the second to give the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead . Span had a two - run double in the second	False
Span had a two - run double in the second to give the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead . Span had a two - run double in the second	False
He struck out nine and walked two . The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
He walked two and struck out nine . The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Pedro Florimon and a run - scoring single by Jamey Carroll . The Twins added two more in the second	True
He walked two and struck out nine . The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
Edwin Jackson ( 4 - 10 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings for the Cubs . Kevin Gregg pitched the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out two . Raul Ibanez homered off Shawn Camp in the seventh	True
Raul Ibanez homered off Shawn Camp in the seventh to make it 7 - 3 . Kevin Gregg pitched the ninth	True
Lucas Harrell ( 5 - 8 ) allowed seven runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . Matt Dominguez hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Matt Dominguez hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Matt Dominguez hit a solo homer in the sixth	False
Houston starter Lucas Harrell ( 5 - 8 ) allowed seven runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . He was replaced by Dallas Keuchel , who gave up a two - run homer to Craig in the eighth	True
He was replaced by Dallas Keuchel , who gave up a two - run homer to Craig in the eighth . Harrell was replaced by Dallas Keuchel , who gave up a two - run homer to Craig in the eighth	False
Harrell was replaced by Dallas Keuchel , who gave up a two - run homer to Craig in the eighth . Harrell was replaced by Dallas Keuchel , who gave up a two - run homer to Craig in the eighth	False
A. J. Ramos ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two innings for the win . Steve Cishek pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out two and walked two . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI single by Josh Willingham . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Josh Willingham 's two - out RBI single . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Josh Willingham 's two - out RBI single . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Josh Willingham 's two - out RBI single . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Josh Willingham 's two - out RBI single . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Josh Willingham 's two - out RBI single . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI single by Josh Willingham . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI single by Josh Willingham . Dietrich hit a leadoff homer in the seventh	True
PHILADELPHIA -- Ryan Howard 's first career pinch - hit homer was his first	False
Howard homered twice and drove in four runs , Michael Young also went deep and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the New York Mets 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Howard hit a two - run single in the first inning and a solo homer in the fifth	True
Howard hit a two - run single in the first inning and a solo homer in the fifth , giving the Phillies a 3 - 1 lead . Howard connected off Carlos Torres ( 0 - 1 ) with two outs in the fifth	True
Howard connected off Carlos Torres ( 0 - 1 ) with two outs in the fifth to give the Phillies a 5 - 1 lead . Howard connected off Carlos Torres ( 0 - 1 ) with two outs in the fifth	False
Howard connected off Carlos Torres ( 0 - 1 ) with two outs in the fifth to give the Phillies a 5 - 1 lead . Howard connected off Carlos Torres ( 0 - 1 ) with two outs in the fifth	False
Howard followed with a two - out single to make it 2 - 0 . The Phillies scored four times in the seventh	True
Eric Young Jr. hit a two - run double and Eric Young Jr. had a two - run double . Eric Young Jr. hit a two - run double in the seventh	True
Sandy Rosario ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Mike Dunn ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a one - out double to Joaquin Arias in the 11th	True
He walked one and struck out two . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Lucas 's first homer of the season . The Marlins tied it in the fifth	True
The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Lucas 's first homer of the season . The Marlins tied it in the fifth when Blanco singled , stole second	False
The Marlins tied it in the fifth when Blanco singled , stole second and scored on a double by Blanco . The Giants tied it in the fifth	True
The Marlins tied it in the fifth when Blanco singled , stole second and scored on a double by Blanco . The Giants tied it in the fifth when Blanco singled , stole second	False
The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.30 ERA in his last five starts against the Angels . Jason Grilli pitched a perfect ninth	True
The White Sox scored two runs in the first inning on a bases - loaded walk to Adam Dunn and a sacrifice fly by Conor Gillaspie . Alejandro De Aza and Alejandro De Aza hit back - to - back home runs in the third	True
Alejandro De Aza and Alejandro De Aza hit back - to - back home runs in the third to give the White Sox a 7 - 0 lead . Eric Hosmer hit a solo home run in the sixth	True
Guthrie ( 7 - 5 ) was charged with six runs , five hits and three walks in 2 1/3 innings . He was charged with three runs in the first	True
He was charged with three runs in the first , including a three - run homer by Alejandro De Aza . The White Sox added three runs in the third	True
The White Sox added three runs in the third , including a two - run homer by Alejandro De Aza and a two - run shot by Alejandro De Aza . The White Sox scored two runs in the third	True
The White Sox scored two runs in the first inning on a bases - loaded walk to Paul Konerko and a sacrifice fly by Conor Gillaspie . The White Sox added three runs in the third	True
PITTSBURGH -- Pedro Alvarez 's first home run of the season came on a 3 - 2 pitch in the fifth inning that gave the Pittsburgh Pirates a 6 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Alvarez hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning and added a solo shot in the sixth	True
He did n't walk a batter and struck out one . Jason Grilli pitched a hitless ninth	True
Yasiel Puig had three hits for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Tim Federowicz drove in the Dodgers ' first run with a groundout in the second	True
ATLANTA -- B. J. Upton hit two home runs and drove in three runs to lead the Atlanta Braves to a 6 - 5 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Upton hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
ATLANTA -- B. J. Upton hit two home runs and drove in three runs to lead the Atlanta Braves to a 6 - 5 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Upton hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Chad Gaudin , then added a two - run shot in the sixth	True
Upton hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Chad Gaudin , then added a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Braves a 5 - 4 lead . Upton hit a two - run homer in the sixth	False
Upton hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Chad Gaudin , then added a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Braves a 5 - 4 lead . Upton hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Chad Gaudin , and Chris Johnson singled in a run in the ninth	False
Upton hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Chad Gaudin , and Chris Johnson singled in a run in the ninth off Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 1 ) . Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 1 ) gave up a walk and a single in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Jose Veras pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Conor Gillaspie doubled with one out and scored on a two - out single by Gordon Beckham . The White Sox tied it at 1 - all in the second	True
Samuel Deduno ( 3 - 1 ) allowed two runs and seven hits in seven innings for the Twins , who have won four of five . Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth	True
Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Joe Mauer had a two - run single in the sixth	True
Joe Mauer had a two - run single in the sixth for the Twins , who have won four of five . Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth	True
Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Joe Mauer had a two - run single in the sixth	True
Joe Mauer had a two - run single in the sixth for the Twins , who have won four of five . Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth	True
Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 19 chances . Joe Mauer had a two - run single in the sixth	True
Joe Mauer had a two - run single in the sixth for the Twins , who have won four of five . Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Nationals have lost five of six . Drew Storen ( 1 - 1 ) pitched one - third	True
Drew Storen ( 1 - 1 ) pitched one - third of an inning for the win . Rafael Soriano worked the ninth	True
Rafael Soriano worked the ninth for his 18th save . Ian Desmond hit a solo homer in the first	True
Ian Desmond hit a solo homer in the first and Jayson Werth also homered for the Nationals . Drew Storen ( 1 - 1 ) pitched one - third	True
Drew Storen ( 1 - 1 ) pitched one - third of an inning for the win . Rafael Soriano worked the ninth	True
Rafael Soriano worked the ninth for his 18th save . Ian Desmond hit a solo homer in the first	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 7.16 ERA in his last five starts . The Indians scored three times in the fifth	True
Jason Kipnis hit an RBI single and Michael Brantley 's two - run double made it 6 - 5 . The Indians scored three times in the fifth	True
The Rays have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay went ahead 1 - 0 on Salvador Perez 's RBI single in the sixth	True
Tampa Bay went ahead 1 - 0 on Salvador Perez 's RBI single in the sixth . The Royals added three more in the sixth	True
Martin Prado hit a go - ahead , two - run single in the 12th inning , and the Diamondbacks held on to beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 8 - 6 on Tuesday night . The Diamondbacks took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
MIAMI -- Carlos Gomez had a career - high four hits and drove in four runs , Alfredo Figaro pitched seven innings of three - hit ball and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Miami Marlins 10 - 1 on Tuesday night . Gomez had four hits and three RBIs , including a three - run triple in the first inning and a three - run double in the sixth	True
Gomez had four hits and three RBIs , including a three - run triple in the first inning and a three - run double in the sixth off Kevin Slowey ( 2 - 6 ) . Lucroy had a three - run double in the first inning and a three - run double in the sixth	True
Lucroy had a three - run double in the first inning and a three - run double in the sixth to help the Brewers win for the fifth time in six games . Lucroy had a three - run triple in the first inning and a three - run double in the sixth	False
Lucroy had a three - run triple in the first inning and a three - run double in the sixth to help the Brewers win for the fifth time in six games . Lucroy had a three - run triple in the first inning and a three - run double in the sixth	False
Lucroy had a three - run triple in the first inning and a three - run double in the sixth to help the Brewers win for the fifth time in six games . Lucroy had a three - run triple in the first inning and a three - run double in the sixth	False
Lucroy had a three - run triple in the first inning and a three - run double in the sixth to help the Brewers win for the fifth time in six games . Lucroy had a three - run triple in the first inning and a two - run double in the sixth	False
Lucroy had a three - run triple in the first inning and a two - run double in the sixth . He also doubled and scored in the fourth	True
He struck out nine and walked three . Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when John Mayberry Jr. led off with a double and scored on Delmon Young 's single . Jimmy Rollins ' RBI single gave the Phillies a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Jimmy Rollins ' RBI single gave the Phillies a 1 - 0 lead in the first . John Mayberry Jr. led off the fourth	True
Jimmy Rollins ' RBI single gave the Phillies a 1 - 0 lead in the first . John Mayberry Jr. led off the fourth with a single , stole second	False
Pena hit a two - run homer and Dallas Keuchel pitched six strong innings to help the Houston Astros beat the Baltimore Orioles 11 - 7 on Tuesday night . Dominguez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Jose Altuve added a solo shot in the fourth	True
Dominguez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Jose Altuve added a solo shot in the fourth to give Houston a 7 - 1 lead . Dominguez hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Dominguez hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 4 - 1 . Dominguez hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
It was his second home run of the season and first since May 2 , a span of 194 at - bats . Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Baltimore starter Freddy Garcia ( 2 - 3 ) allowed seven hits and six runs in three - plus innings . He was replaced by Steve Johnson , who gave up a two - run homer to Dominguez in the fourth	True
Robert Coello ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth	True
Jered Weaver gave up three runs -- one earned -- and six hits in six innings , striking out five and walking one . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth	True
The Cubs have lost six of seven and are a season - worst 10 games under .500 . Robert Coello ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Robert Coello ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth	True
Teixeira hit a grand slam and Travis Hafner also went deep , leading the Yankees to a 7 - 4 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Teixeira hit a grand slam off Justin Masterson ( 8 - 4 ) to give the Yankees a 4 - 1 lead in the third	True
Teixeira hit a grand slam and Travis Hafner also went deep , leading the Yankees to a 7 - 4 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Teixeira hit a grand slam off Justin Masterson ( 8 - 4 ) to give the Yankees a 4 - 1 lead in the third , and Travis Hafner added a solo homer in the seventh	True
Shawn Kelley ( 3 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
He walked three and struck out three . Mariano Rivera worked around a one - out single in the ninth	True
Goldschmidt hit a grand slam and drove in four runs to lead the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 12 - 4 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Goldschmidt hit a leadoff homer in the first inning and added a two - run double in the seventh	True
Goldschmidt hit a leadoff homer in the first inning and added a two - run double in the seventh to give the Diamondbacks a 4 - 3 lead . Goldschmidt hit a solo homer in the first inning and a two - run double in the seventh	True
Kubel 's three - run double in the seventh gave the Diamondbacks a 4 - 3 lead . Goldschmidt hit a solo homer in the first inning and a two - run double in the seventh	True
Goldschmidt hit a solo homer in the first inning and a two - run double in the seventh to give the Diamondbacks a 4 - 3 lead . Goldschmidt hit a sacrifice fly in the ninth	True
Nate Schierholtz hit a solo homer and Alfonso Soriano had a sacrifice fly for the Cubs , who have lost three of four . Nate Schierholtz hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Pinch-hitter Chris Denorfia hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Padres to a 2 - 1 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Chris Denorfia hit a two - run , pinch - hit homer off Aroldis Chapman ( 3 - 4 ) in the bottom of the ninth	True
Chapman ( 3 - 4 ) walked Yonder Alonso to load the bases with one out before pinch - hitter Chris Denorfia hit a two - run homer to left - center to give the Padres a 2 - 1 lead . Luke Gregerson ( 5 - 5 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Chapman ( 3 - 4 ) took the loss , giving up a leadoff homer to Chris Denorfia and pinch - hitter Chris Denorfia 's two - run pinch - hit homer . Luke Gregerson ( 5 - 5 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Mike Leake allowed four hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked two . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Cesar Izturis . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	False
The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
He walked none and threw 74 of 97 pitches for strikes . Steve Cishek pitched the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked two . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Brandon League ( 6 - 3 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Ronald Belisario got two outs in the eighth	True
Brandon League ( 6 - 3 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Ronald Belisario got two outs in the eighth , and Kenley Jansen pitched a 1 - 2 - 3 10th	True
Encarnacion hit a tiebreaking grand slam in the seventh inning and the Blue Jays beat the Houston Astros 12 - 6 on Tuesday night , handing the Astros their fourth straight loss . Encarnacion hit a solo homer in the third	True
Encarnacion hit a tiebreaking grand slam in the seventh inning and the Blue Jays beat the Houston Astros 12 - 6 on Tuesday night , handing the Astros their fourth straight loss . Encarnacion hit a solo homer in the third and a solo drive in the seventh	True
Brett Cecil ( 4 - 1 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning to get the win . Steve Delabar worked the eighth	True
Steve Delabar worked the eighth and Steve Delabar finished for the Blue Jays , who have won four of five . Brett Cecil ( 4 - 1 ) got two outs for the win and Steve Delabar finished in the ninth	True
Brett Cecil ( 4 - 1 ) got two outs for the win . Steve Delabar worked the eighth	True
Brett Cecil ( 4 - 1 ) got two outs for the win . Steve Delabar worked the eighth	True
Guzman hit a pinch - hit , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Padres beat the Milwaukee Brewers 10 - 8 on Tuesday night . Quentin hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Guzman hit a pinch - hit , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Padres beat the Milwaukee Brewers 10 - 8 on Tuesday night . Quentin hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the seventh	True
Edinson Volquez ( 8 - 8 ) allowed three runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings for San Diego . Huston Street pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . Huston Street pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Brewers scored four times in the seventh	True
Hosmer hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Royals beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hosmer hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Hosmer hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Royals beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hosmer hit a two - run homer in the eighth off Darren O'Day ( 5 - 1 ) , and Alcides Escobar had an RBI double in the ninth	True
Hosmer hit a two - run homer in the eighth off Darren O'Day ( 5 - 1 ) , and Alcides Escobar had an RBI double in the ninth . Luke Hochevar ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The Angels have won six of their last seven games against the Angels , who have lost six of seven . Glen Perkins ( 2 - 0 ) gave up a run in the ninth	True
Albert Pujols homered for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Glen Perkins ( 2 - 0 ) gave up a run in the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI single by Brian Dozier . The Angels tied it in the seventh	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Aaron Hicks ' RBI double and Aaron Hicks ' run - scoring double . The Twins tied it in the third	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.46 ERA in his last four starts . Jason Grilli pitched the ninth	True
He walked none and struck out four . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jose Reyes scored on a two - out error by third baseman Brett Lawrie . Bautista 's two - run homer in the third gave the Blue Jays a 4 - 1 lead , but the Blue Jays answered in the bottom half when Bautista hit a two - run homer to right , his third	False
Bautista 's two - run homer in the third gave the Blue Jays a 4 - 1 lead , but the Blue Jays answered in the bottom half when Bautista hit a two - run homer to right , his third . Bautista hit a two - run shot to right in the third	True
Santana ( 6 - 6 ) allowed two hits , walked one and struck out six in 7 1/3 innings . Greg Holland worked the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out four . The Diamondbacks took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Diamondbacks took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Schafer and a run - scoring groundout by Martin Maldonado . The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 0 in the second	True
The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 0 in the second on an RBI groundout by Martin Maldonado and a sacrifice fly by Martin Maldonado . The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 0 in the second	False
The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 0 in the second on Martin Maldonado 's run - scoring groundout . The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 0 in the second	False
The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 0 in the second on Martin Maldonado 's run - scoring groundout . The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 0 in the second when Segura singled , stole second	False
The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 0 in the second when Segura singled , stole second and scored on Martin Maldonado 's fielder 's choice . The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 0 in the second	False
The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 0 in the second when Segura singled , stole second and scored on Martin Maldonado 's fielder 's choice . The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 0 in the second when Segura singled , stole second	False
The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 0 in the second when Segura singled , stole second and scored on Martin Maldonado 's fielder 's choice . The Diamondbacks made it 4 - 0 in the second	False
He struck out three and walked three . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out five . Koji Uehara struck out the side in the ninth	True
Koji Uehara struck out the side in the ninth for his eighth save in eight chances . Sean Doolittle ( 3 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up a leadoff single to Mike Napoli in the eighth	True
Holt followed with a two - run single off Ryan Cook to give the Red Sox a 4 - 2 lead . Koji Uehara struck out the side in the ninth	True
The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . The Mariners scored three runs in the eighth	True
Mark Trumbo followed with an RBI triple and Mark Trumbo followed with a run - scoring groundout . Albert Pujols ' RBI triple and Mark Trumbo 's RBI groundout cut the lead to 8 - 3 in the eighth	True
Jordy Mercer followed with an RBI single . Vin Mazzaro ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 11th	True
Jones hit a three - run homer in the third inning and the Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . Jones hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run drive in the sixth	True
It was the fourth time this season the Orioles have hit back - to - back home runs . Jones hit a three - run drive in the second inning and added a three - run drive in the sixth	True
He struck out four and did not walk a batter . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out four and did not walk a batter . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Arencibia and a two - run shot by J. P. Arencibia in the second	True
The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his six starts this season . Chris Perez gave up a run in the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked two . Addison Reed pitched the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked three . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Alexei Ramirez . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Alexei Ramirez 's RBI double . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Alexei Ramirez . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Alexei Ramirez . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a double by Alexei Ramirez . The White Sox tied it in the second	True
The White Sox tied it in the second on Matt Tuiasosopo 's two - run homer . The White Sox tied it in the second	False
The White Sox tied it in the second on Matt Tuiasosopo 's two - run homer . The White Sox tied it in the second on Matt Tuiasosopo 's two - run homer , his first	False
The White Sox tied it in the second on Matt Tuiasosopo 's two - run homer , his first of the year . The White Sox tied it in the second	False
He walked four and struck out two . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Devin Mesoraco 's sacrifice fly . Sean Halton hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
He walked five and struck out one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Devin Mesoraco 's sacrifice fly . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Devin Mesoraco 's sacrifice fly . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Devin Mesoraco 's sacrifice fly . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Devin Mesoraco 's sacrifice fly . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Mariners have lost five of their last six games . The Red Sox scored three runs in the eighth	True
The Red Sox scored three runs in the eighth off Brandon Workman to make it 9 - 4 . Kendrys Morales ' RBI double and Justin Smoak 's run - scoring single off Brandon Workman made it 9 - 4 in the eighth	True
Henry Blanco 's RBI double and Justin Smoak 's run - scoring single off Brandon Workman in the eighth made it 9 - 4 . The Mariners scored three runs in the eighth	True
The Mariners scored three runs in the eighth off Brandon Workman to make it 9 - 4 . Kendrys Morales ' RBI double and Justin Smoak 's run - scoring single off Brandon Workman made it 9 - 4 in the eighth	True
Cory Burns ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
Uribe homered and drove in a career - high seven runs , Hyun-Jin Ryu pitched into the seventh inning and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the San Francisco Giants 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Uribe had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Uribe had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh , and drove in a career - high seven runs . He also singled in a run in the third inning and added a two - run homer in the seventh	True
He struck out none and did not walk a batter . Edward Mujica pitched the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked four . He also helped himself with a run - scoring single in the fifth	True
Hosmer hit a go - ahead , two - run homer off Joe Smith in the sixth inning , and George Kottaras and George Kottaras also went deep for the Royals , who have won five of their last six games . Luke Hochevar ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win and Greg Holland worked the ninth	True
Luke Hochevar ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Greg Holland worked the ninth	True
He struck out eight and did not walk a batter . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked none . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
The Nationals scored three runs in the second inning , highlighted by Omar Quintanilla 's two - run double and Ike Davis ' sacrifice fly . Ike Davis hit a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Omar Quintanilla 's two - out , two - run single in the third gave the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . The Nationals added three runs in the third	True
The right - hander improved to 6 - 1 in his career against the Indians . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth	True
Hamels ( 6 - 13 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in seven innings , striking out eight and walking one . He also drove in two runs with an RBI single in the seventh	True
He struck out eight and walked one . He also hit an RBI double in the fourth	True
He struck out eight and walked one . The Mets scored in the third	True
He struck out eight and walked one . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Eric Young Jr. led off with a double and scored on Andrew Brown 's single . Eric Young Jr. singled with two outs in the third	True
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Eric Young Jr. led off with a double and scored on Andrew Brown 's single . Eric Young Jr. singled with two outs in the third , stole second	False
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Eric Young Jr. led off with a double and scored on Andrew Brown 's single . Eric Young Jr. singled with two outs in the third , stole second and advanced to third	False
But Hamels got out of the inning by getting Josh Satin to ground into an inning - ending double play . Eric Young Jr. doubled and scored on Andrew Brown 's two - out double in the seventh	True
He struck out eight and walked one . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out single by Nick Swisher . The Twins tied it in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked four . Rex Brothers pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked two and struck out five . The Rockies took a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh	True
He struck out five and walked four . Rex Brothers pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked two and struck out five . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh	True
Kennedy ( 5 - 9 ) allowed four hits and three walks while striking out eight in seven innings . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth	True
Mike Leake ( 11 - 5 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings . Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . Jim Henderson pitched the ninth	True
He struck out two and walked three . Yadier Molina hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Yadier Molina hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Yadier Molina hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Yadier Molina hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Yadier Molina hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
He struck out two and walked three . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Matt Adams ' RBI single . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Matt Adams ' RBI single . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Matt Adams ' RBI single . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
Morneau had four hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in four runs to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 6 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Morneau had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Morneau had four hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in four runs to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 6 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Morneau had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth , and Pedro Florimon added a solo shot in the sixth	True
Morneau had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth , and Pedro Florimon added a solo shot in the sixth to help the Twins snap a three - game losing streak . Morneau , who had four hits , hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He struck out six and walked two . The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth . Chris Herrmann led off with a single , stole second	False
Chris Herrmann led off with a single , stole second and scored on Morneau 's two - out double to make it 3 - 0 . The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth . Chris Herrmann led off with a single , stole second	False
Chris Herrmann led off with a single , stole second and scored on Morneau 's double to make it 3 - 0 . The Tigers made it 3 - 1 in the fourth	True
He struck out seven and walked four . Swisher hit a solo homer in the first	True
He struck out seven and walked four . Swisher hit a solo homer in the first and a two - run single in the ninth	True
BALTIMORE -- Colorado Rockies manager Walt Weiss was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing balls and strikes , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Wilin Rosario hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the seventh inning and Charlie Blackmon added a solo shot in the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out two . Rex Brothers gave up a solo homer to Nate McLouth in the ninth	True
The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the third	True
Brian Roberts drew a one - out walk and scored on a single by Adam Jones . The Orioles went up 2 - 0 in the third	True
Shields ( 8 - 8 ) allowed three hits , walked four and struck out one . Greg Holland pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . Greg Holland pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
He struck out five and walked three . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Hosmer , his eighth	False
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Hosmer , his eighth of the year . The Royals made it 3 - 0 in the seventh	False
The Royals made it 3 - 0 in the seventh . Chris Getz led off with a single , moved to third	False
Chris Getz led off with a single , moved to third on Chris Getz 's single and scored on Jamey Carroll 's sacrifice fly . Hosmer hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Chris Getz led off with a single , moved to third on Chris Getz 's single and scored on Jamey Carroll 's sacrifice fly . Hosmer hit a two - run homer in the third , and Hosmer added a run - scoring single in the seventh	True
Hosmer hit a two - run homer in the third , and Hosmer added a run - scoring single in the seventh . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
Hosmer hit a two - run homer in the third , and Hosmer added a run - scoring single in the seventh . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Hosmer , his eighth	False
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Hosmer , his eighth of the year . The Royals made it 3 - 0 in the seventh	False
Chris Getz led off with a double and scored on Jamey Carroll 's sacrifice fly . Hosmer hit a two - out homer in the third	True
Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the first inning and the A 's beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the first	True
It was the first home run allowed by Masterson since July 31 , a span of six starts . Cespedes hit a two - out , two - run homer in the first	True
It was the first home run allowed by Masterson since July 31 , a span of six starts . Cespedes hit a two - out , two - run homer in the first	True
Cespedes hit a two - out , two - run homer in the first to give the A 's a 2 - 0 lead . Eric Sogard added an RBI double in the seventh	True
Eric Sogard added an RBI double in the seventh . Sean Doolittle ( 4 - 4 ) got the win despite allowing a run in the seventh	True
Sean Doolittle ( 4 - 4 ) got the win despite allowing a run in the seventh . Grant Balfour pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The A 's took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The A 's took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Eric Sogard 's RBI double and Eric Sogard 's run - scoring double . Eric Sogard hit an RBI double in the seventh	True
Pinch-runner Doug Bernier scored the winning run on a single by Chris Herrmann with one out in the bottom of the inning to lift the Twins to a 4 - 3 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . The Twins trailed 3 - 2 when Alejandro De Aza led off the ninth	True
The Twins trailed 3 - 2 when Alejandro De Aza led off the ninth with a double off Ramon Troncoso ( 1 - 4 ) and scored on Chris Herrmann 's pinch - hit single . Jared Burton ( 2 - 6 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Andre Rienzo gave up two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in six innings for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Jared Burton ( 2 - 6 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Hill hit a tiebreaking solo homer in the eighth inning , and the Diamondbacks beat the Baltimore Orioles Orioles Orioles Orioles Orioles Orioles Orioles Orioles Orioles ace 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Hill hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot off Troy Patton in the eighth	True
Hill hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot off Troy Patton in the eighth to give the Diamondbacks a 4 - 2 lead . The Diamondbacks tied it in the ninth	True
The Diamondbacks tied it in the ninth against Brad Ziegler ( 6 - 1 ) , who blew a save for the second time this season . Brad Ziegler ( 6 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a sacrifice fly to Nick Markakis in the top of the ninth	True
Brad Ziegler ( 6 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a sacrifice fly to Nick Markakis in the top of the ninth . Brad Ziegler ( 6 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a sacrifice fly to Nick Markakis in the ninth	False
Brad Ziegler ( 6 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a sacrifice fly to Nick Markakis in the ninth . Brad Ziegler ( 6 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a sacrifice fly to Nick Markakis in the ninth	False
Brad Ziegler ( 6 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a sacrifice fly to Nick Markakis in the ninth . Brad Ziegler ( 6 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a sacrifice fly to Nick Markakis in the ninth	False
Davis hit a go - ahead , two - run double in the 10th inning , and the Orioles beat the San Francisco Giants 5 - 2 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Chris Davis hit a go - ahead , two - run double in the 10th	True
Davis hit a go - ahead , two - run double in the 10th inning , and the Orioles beat the San Francisco Giants 5 - 2 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Chris Davis hit a go - ahead , two - run double in the 10th off Javier Lopez ( 1 - 2 ) , and Adam Jones added an RBI single off Javier Lopez ( 1 - 2 ) to give the Orioles a 5 - 2 lead in the 10th	True
Chris Davis hit a go - ahead , two - run double in the 10th off Javier Lopez ( 1 - 2 ) , and Adam Jones added an RBI single off Javier Lopez ( 1 - 2 ) to give the Orioles a 5 - 2 lead in the 10th . Jim Johnson ( 3 - 7 ) got the win despite giving up a tying single to Brandon Belt in the ninth	True
Jim Johnson ( 3 - 7 ) got the win despite giving up a tying single to Brandon Belt in the ninth . Tommy Hunter pitched the 10th	True
Brandon Belt hit a solo home run for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Jim Johnson ( 3 - 7 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the ninth	True
Jim Johnson ( 3 - 7 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the ninth . Tommy Hunter pitched the 10th	True
Tommy Hunter pitched the 10th for his third save . Brandon Belt hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Dylan Axelrod ( 4 - 8 ) pitched one inning for the win . Mariano Rivera gave up a two - run triple to Eduardo Nunez in the 12th	True
Harrison hit a leadoff homer in the ninth inning to lift the Pirates to a 4 - 3 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Harrison ( 2 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up a leadoff homer to Josh Harrison in the ninth	True
Harrison ( 2 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up a leadoff homer to Josh Harrison in the ninth . Bryan Morris ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked three . Bryan Morris ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Sale ( 7 - 11 ) allowed five hits , walked four and struck out six in 7 1/3 innings . Addison Reed gave up a run in the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Alfonso Soriano led off with a double and scored on Brett Gardner 's single . Brett Gardner tied it in the fourth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.70 ERA in his last four starts . Grant Balfour pitched the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out five . The A 's took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The A 's took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Jed Lowrie 's RBI single and Eric Sogard 's run - scoring single . The A 's had runners on first	False
The A 's took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Jed Lowrie 's RBI single and Eric Sogard 's run - scoring single . The A 's had runners on first and second	False
The A 's took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Jed Lowrie 's RBI single and Eric Sogard 's run - scoring single . The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Parker struck out Kinsler and Kinsler to end the threat . Kinsler homered leading off the fifth	True
He walked two and struck out six . Sean Doolittle pitched the eighth	True
He walked two and struck out six . Sean Doolittle pitched the eighth and Grant Balfour worked the ninth	False
He walked one and struck out seven . The Giants scored an unearned run in the fourth	True
Hechavarria 's two - run triple off Ethan Martin ( 2 - 5 ) gave the Marlins a 2 - 0 lead in the second inning . Chad Qualls ( 5 - 2 ) got the win by pitching out of a bases - loaded jam in the eighth	True
Chad Qualls ( 5 - 2 ) got the win by pitching out of a bases - loaded jam in the eighth . Steve Cishek pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out six and walked two . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run triple by Hechavarria . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out triple by Hechavarria . The Phillies went ahead 2 - 0 in the second	True
The Phillies went ahead 2 - 0 in the second on a two - out triple by Hechavarria . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Justin Ruggiano drew a leadoff walk , stole second	False
Kennedy ( 7 - 10 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , struck out seven and walked one . He also had an RBI single in the third	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI double by Rene Rivera . The Padres tied it in the third	True
The Padres tied it in the third when Gerardo Parra led off with a single and scored on Delgado 's single . The Padres tied it in the third	False
The Padres tied it in the third on Gerardo Parra 's leadoff double and a run - scoring single by Delgado . The Padres tied it in the third	False
Paul Goldschmidt and Paul Goldschmidt also homered for the Diamondbacks , who have won four of five . Josh Collmenter ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a perfect 12th	True
Josh Collmenter ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a perfect 12th for the win . Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect 12th	True
Luke Gregerson ( 6 - 8 ) took the loss . Josh Collmenter ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a perfect 12th	True
Josh Collmenter ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a perfect 12th for the win . Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect 12th	True
The Padres tied it at 1 in the eighth inning on a passed ball by Didi Gregorius . The Padres tied it in the eighth	True
The Padres tied it in the eighth when pinch - runner Reymond Fuentes scored on a passed ball by Didi Gregorius . The Padres tied it at 1 in the eighth	True
The Padres tied it at 1 in the eighth when pinch - runner Reymond Fuentes scored on a passed ball by catcher Miguel Montero . The Padres tied it in the eighth	True
The Padres tied it in the eighth when pinch - hitter Mark Kotsay doubled with two outs and scored on a passed ball by Didi Gregorius . The Padres had runners on first	False
The Padres tied it in the eighth when pinch - hitter Mark Kotsay doubled with two outs and scored on a passed ball by Didi Gregorius . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
The Padres tied it in the eighth when pinch - hitter Mark Kotsay doubled with two outs and scored on a passed ball by Didi Gregorius . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but pinch - hitter Mark Kotsay grounded into a double play and pinch - hitter Mark Kotsay flied out to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but pinch - hitter Mark Kotsay grounded into a double play and pinch - hitter Mark Kotsay flied out to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but pinch - hitter Mark Kotsay grounded into a double play and pinch - hitter Mark Kotsay flied out to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	False
The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last seven starts . Casey Janssen pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Casey Janssen pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked two and struck out two . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring double by Adam Lind and an RBI single by Rajai Davis . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Adam Lind and an RBI single by Rajai Davis . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Adam Lind and an RBI single by Rajai Davis . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Adam Lind and an RBI single by Rajai Davis . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
Burnett ( 9 - 11 ) allowed two runs and four hits with three walks and a season - high 12 strikeouts in seven innings . Jason Grilli pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Ehire Adrianza 's RBI single and Ehire Adrianza 's run - scoring single . The Giants made it 2 - 0 in the fourth	True
The Giants made it 2 - 0 in the fourth on Ehire Adrianza 's RBI single and Ehire Adrianza 's run - scoring single . Perez added an RBI single in the fourth	True
He struck out four , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Ehire Adrianza had an RBI single in the fourth	True
He struck out four , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Ehire Adrianza had an RBI single in the fourth and Perez added an RBI single in the fourth	True
The AL West-leading Rangers have won six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Andrus hit a solo homer off Jeremy Hellickson ( 11 - 9 ) in the first inning and added a sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
Andrus hit a solo homer off Jeremy Hellickson ( 11 - 9 ) in the first inning and added a sacrifice fly in the fifth . Martin had three hits , including a solo homer in the ninth	True
Chad Tracy 's pinch - hit RBI single in the ninth inning lifted the Nationals to a 6 - 5 victory over the Braves on Tuesday night . The Nationals trailed 5 - 3 before Evan Gattis hit a two - run homer off Tyler Clippard in the eighth	True
The Nationals trailed 5 - 3 before Evan Gattis hit a two - run homer off Tyler Clippard in the eighth . Ian Krol ( 2 - 1 ) struck out the only batter he faced in the ninth	False
Ian Krol ( 2 - 1 ) struck out the only batter he faced in the ninth to earn the win . Craig Kimbrel ( 3 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and one hit in one - third	True
Craig Kimbrel ( 3 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and one hit in one - third of an inning . Ian Krol ( 2 - 1 ) struck out the only batter he faced in the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out three . The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
d'Arnaud singled in the winning run with two outs in the 12th inning , lifting the Mets to a 1 - 0 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . d'Arnaud singled with one out in the 12th	True
Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th inning for the win . Gonzalez Germen and LaTroy Hawkins each pitched a scoreless inning , and Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th	True
Gonzalez Germen and LaTroy Hawkins each pitched a scoreless inning , and Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th for the win . Gonzalez Germen and LaTroy Hawkins each pitched a scoreless inning , and Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th	False
Gonzalez Germen pitched a scoreless inning for the Mets , striking out five and allowing one hit . Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th	True
Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th for the win . Gonzalez Germen pitched out of a bases - loaded jam in the top of the 12th	True
Gonzalez Germen pitched out of a bases - loaded jam in the top of the 12th , striking out Chris Coghlan and Chris Coghlan to end the threat . Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th	True
Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th for the win . Gonzalez Germen pitched out of a bases - loaded jam in the top of the 12th	True
Gonzalez Germen pitched out of a bases - loaded jam in the top of the 12th , striking out Chris Coghlan and Chris Coghlan to end the threat . Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th	True
Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 12th for the win . Gonzalez Germen pitched out of a bases - loaded jam in the top of the 12th	True
He struck out five and walked three . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Jayson Werth and a sacrifice fly by Ian Desmond . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Jayson Werth and a sacrifice fly by Ian Desmond . Span led off the bottom of the first	True
Span led off the bottom of the first with a double and scored on Jayson Werth 's sacrifice fly . Span led off the seventh	True
Ryan Raburn hit a three - run homer and drove in five runs , Corey Kluber pitched five effective innings and the Indians routed the Chicago White Sox 14 - 3 on Tuesday night . Raburn hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run single in the fifth	True
He walked three and struck out one . The White Sox scored four runs in the fifth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.29 ERA in three starts against the Mets this season . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth	True
Haren ( 9 - 13 ) struck out eight and walked one . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Rafael Soriano worked the ninth	True
Galvis hit a game - ending solo homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Phillies to a 6 - 5 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Galvis hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
Galvis hit a solo homer in the ninth off Jonathan Papelbon ( 5 - 1 ) to give the Phillies a 6 - 5 lead . Papelbon ( 5 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a two - run homer to Andrelton Simmons in the top of the ninth	True
Papelbon ( 5 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a two - run homer to Andrelton Simmons in the top of the ninth . Andrelton Simmons had three hits , including a two - run homer in the top of the ninth	False
Andrelton Simmons had three hits , including a two - run homer in the top of the ninth off Jonathan Papelbon ( 5 - 1 ) . Papelbon ( 5 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a two - run homer to Andrelton Simmons in the top of the ninth	False
Papelbon ( 5 - 1 ) got the win despite giving up a two - run homer to Andrelton Simmons in the top of the ninth . Andrelton Simmons had three hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth	True
The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run single by Freeman . The Phillies cut it to 4 - 3 in the sixth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Casey Janssen pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked two . The Dodgers scored three times in the second	True
He struck out three and walked two . The Rockies scored three times in the second	True
Tim Federowicz followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 0 . The Rockies had runners on first	False
Tim Federowicz followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 0 . The Rockies had runners on first and second	False
Tim Federowicz followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 0 . The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
He struck out four and walked three . Darin Ruf hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Ryan Sweeney . The Cubs made it 2 - 0 in the third	True
He struck out 10 and walked one . The Red Sox scored in the first	True
He struck out 10 and walked one . The Red Sox scored in the first on an RBI double by Jacoby Ellsbury and a run - scoring double by David Ortiz in the seventh	True
He struck out 10 and walked one . The Red Sox scored in the first	True
He struck out 10 and walked one . The Red Sox scored in the first on an RBI double by Jacoby Ellsbury and an RBI double by Jacoby Ellsbury in the seventh	True
Gomes hit a three - run homer , Jonny Gomes added a three - run shot and the Boston Red Sox beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Gomes hit a three - run homer in the sixth	True
Felix Doubront ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run in 2 2/3 innings of relief . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth	True
Felix Doubront ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run in 2 2/3 innings for the win . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . The Red Sox scored in the third	True
The Red Sox scored in the third on a single by Matt Carpenter , a double by Matt Carpenter and an error by third baseman Xander Bogaerts . Carlos Beltran 's RBI single in the third gave the Cardinals a 1 - 0 lead , but the Red Sox tied it in the fifth	False
Carlos Beltran 's RBI single in the third gave the Cardinals a 1 - 0 lead , but the Red Sox tied it in the fifth on Stephen Drew 's sacrifice fly . Ortiz led off the fifth	True
Ortiz led off the fifth with a double and scored on Stephen Drew 's sacrifice fly to tie it at 1 . Ortiz doubled leading off the fifth	False
Ortiz doubled leading off the fifth and scored on Stephen Drew 's sacrifice fly to tie it at 1 . Ortiz doubled leading off the fifth	True
Ortiz doubled leading off the fifth and scored on Stephen Drew 's sacrifice fly to tie it at 1 . Ortiz doubled leading off the fifth	True
Greinke ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two runs and six hits in seven innings , struck out four and walked one . He also helped himself with a run - scoring single in the second	True
Greinke ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , struck out four and walked one . He also helped himself with an RBI single in the second	True
He also helped himself with an RBI single in the second . The Dodgers tied it 2 - 2 in the third	True
The Dodgers tied it 2 - 2 in the third on Matt Adams ' RBI triple and a run - scoring double by Matt Adams . The Cardinals tied it 2 - all in the third	True
The Cardinals tied it 2 - all in the third on Matt Adams ' RBI triple and a run - scoring double by Matt Adams . The Cardinals tied it in the third	True
The Cardinals tied it in the third on Matt Adams ' RBI triple and a run - scoring double by Matt Adams . The Cardinals tied it in the third	False
The Cardinals tied it in the third on Matt Adams ' RBI triple and a run - scoring double by Matt Adams . The Cardinals tied it in the third	False
The Cardinals tied it in the third on Matt Adams ' RBI triple and a run - scoring double by Matt Adams . The Cardinals tied it in the third	False
The Cardinals tied it in the third on Matt Adams ' RBI triple and a run - scoring double by Matt Adams . The Cardinals tied it in the third	False
The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his career against the A 's , including 4 - 0 with a 1.55 ERA in six career starts against the A 's . Yoenis Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Yoenis Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the seventh	False
Drew Smyly , Drew Smyly and Joaquin Benoit combined to pitch the final three innings for the Tigers . Benoit struck out the side in the ninth	True
The A 's have lost five of their last six games . Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the seventh to pull the A 's within 3 - 2 . But Benoit struck out the side in the ninth	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning when Cruz led off with a double and scored on a double - play grounder . Baltimore tied it in the fourth	True
Baltimore tied it in the fourth when Sizemore led off with his first homer of the season , a drive into the right - field seats . Baltimore tied it in the fourth	True
Baltimore tied it in the fourth when Sizemore led off with his first homer of the season , a drive into the right - field seats . Baltimore tied it in the fourth on a leadoff homer by Grady Sizemore , his first	False
Baltimore tied it in the fourth on a leadoff homer by Grady Sizemore , his first of the year . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth	False
Baltimore tied it in the fourth on a leadoff homer by Grady Sizemore , his first of the year . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth on a leadoff homer by Grady Sizemore , his first	False
Lackey ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs and six hits in eight innings , striking out five and walking one . Koji Uehara got the final out in the ninth	True
Koji Uehara got the final out in the ninth for his sixth save . Brandon Gomes ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and four hits in one - third	True
Rays starter Erik Bedard gave up one run and four hits in five - plus innings , striking out four and walking three . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Evan Longoria . The Rays tied it at 1 in the sixth	False
The Rays tied it at 1 in the sixth . James Loney led off with a single , stole second	False
James Loney led off with a single , stole second and scored on Evan Longoria 's sacrifice fly . The Rays tied it at 1 in the sixth	True
The Rays tied it at 1 in the sixth when James Loney doubled and scored on Evan Longoria 's sacrifice fly . The Rays tied it at 1 in the sixth	False
The Rays tied it at 1 in the sixth . James Loney led off with a single , stole second	False
James Loney led off with a single , stole second and scored on Evan Longoria 's sacrifice fly . The Rays tied it at 1 in the sixth	True
The Rays tied it at 1 in the sixth when James Loney doubled and scored on Evan Longoria 's sacrifice fly . Boston tied it at 1 in the sixth	False
Salvador Perez hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning and a two - run double in the eighth inning , helping the Royals to a 10 - 7 victory over the Blue Jays . Aaron Crow ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Aaron Crow ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth to pick up the win . Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - run homer in the ninth for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Aaron Crow ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
He struck out three and walked two . Evan Longoria had an RBI single in the eighth	True
He struck out three and walked two . Evan Longoria had an RBI single in the eighth	True
He struck out three and walked two . Evan Longoria had an RBI single in the eighth	True
Evan Longoria had an RBI single in the eighth for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Evan Longoria had an RBI single in the eighth	False
He struck out seven and walked one . The White Sox added a run in the seventh	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Troy Tulowitzki led off with his second homer of the season . The Giants tied it in the fifth	True
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Troy Tulowitzki led off with his second homer of the season . The Giants tied it in the fifth when Pence led off with his second homer of the season and second	False
The Giants tied it in the fifth when Pence led off with his second homer of the season and second in two games . The Giants tied it in the fifth	False
The Giants tied it in the fifth when Pence led off with his second homer of the season and second in two games . The Giants tied it in the fifth when Pence led off with his second homer of the season and second	False
The Giants tied it in the fifth when Pence led off with his second homer of the season and second in two games . The Giants tied it in the fifth	False
The Giants tied it in the fifth when Pence led off with his first homer of the season , a towering shot into the left - field seats . The Giants tied it in the fifth	False
It was the first home run allowed by Bumgarner this season . The Giants tied it in the fifth	True
Zach McAllister ( 3 - 0 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in six innings for the Indians . John Axford pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . The Royals took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth	True
Mike Dunn ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Steve Cishek pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Robinson Cano led off with a double and scored on Dustin Ackley 's sacrifice fly . The Mariners made it 2 - 0 in the fourth	True
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Jed Lowrie 's first home run of the season came on a 1 - 2 pitch from Chad Qualls in the ninth inning and gave the Oakland Athletics a 4 - 3 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Jed Lowrie and Jed Lowrie hit back - to - back home runs in the ninth	True
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Jed Lowrie 's first home run of the season came on a 1 - 2 pitch from Chad Qualls in the ninth inning and gave the Oakland Athletics a 4 - 3 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Jed Lowrie and Jed Lowrie hit back - to - back home runs in the ninth off Astros closer Chad Qualls ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up three runs in the ninth	True
Jed Lowrie and Jed Lowrie hit back - to - back home runs in the ninth off Astros closer Chad Qualls ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up three runs in the ninth . Dan Otero ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Dan Otero ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Chad Qualls ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and four hits in one - third	True
Chad Qualls ( 0 - 1 ) allowed three runs and four hits in one - third of an inning . Dan Otero ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
It was the first home run allowed by Kazmir this season . The Astros took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
Jake Odorizzi ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs and five hits in five innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Tampa Bay went up 3 - 0 in the fourth	True
Matt Wieters followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 3 - 0 . Baltimore went up 3 - 0 in the fifth	True
Ryan Flaherty drew a two - out walk and scored on a single by J. J. Hardy . Baltimore went up 3 - 0 in the fifth	True
Baltimore went up 3 - 0 in the fifth . Nelson Cruz walked , stole second	False
Salvador Perez hit a tying , two - run single off Jerome Williams ( 0 - 1 ) with two outs in the seventh inning to give the Royals a 4 - 2 lead . Danny Valencia led off the 11th	True
Danny Valencia led off the 11th with a home run off Jerome Williams ( 0 - 1 ) . Salvador Perez tied the game with a two - out , two - run single off Brad Peacock in the seventh	True
Shelby Miller pitched six strong innings and Jhonny Peralta hit a two - run homer , leading the Cardinals to a 6 - 1 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Jhonny Peralta added a two - run homer in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked three . Pat Neshek pitched a perfect seventh	True
He struck out seven and walked three . Pat Neshek pitched a perfect seventh and Kevin Siegrist worked a perfect ninth	True
Jed Lowrie hit a go - ahead double in the 11th inning , and the A 's beat the Los Angeles Angels 10 - 9 on Tuesday night . Jed Lowrie had three hits , including a go - ahead RBI double in the 11th	True
Jim Johnson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Sean Doolittle gave up a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Jim Johnson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Sean Doolittle gave up a two - run homer in the ninth to Kole Calhoun , who had three hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Jim Johnson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Sean Doolittle gave up a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Jim Johnson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Sean Doolittle gave up a two - run homer in the ninth to Kole Calhoun , who had three hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Sean Doolittle gave up a two - run homer in the ninth to Kole Calhoun , who had three hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth off Sean Doolittle . Kole Calhoun tied it at 9 with a two - run homer in the ninth	False
Sean Doolittle gave up a two - run homer in the ninth to Kole Calhoun , who had three hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth off Sean Doolittle . Kole Calhoun tied it at 9 with a two - run homer in the ninth off Sean Doolittle , who gave up a two - run homer to Kole Calhoun in the ninth	True
Kole Calhoun tied it at 9 with a two - run homer in the ninth off Sean Doolittle , who gave up a two - run homer to Kole Calhoun in the ninth . Kole Calhoun tied it with a two - run homer in the ninth	False
Kole Calhoun tied it with a two - run homer in the ninth off Sean Doolittle , who gave up a tying two - run homer to Chris Iannetta in the ninth inning of the Angels ' 5 - 4 loss to the A 's on Tuesday night . Doolittle was charged with four runs and three hits , including a two - run homer by Kole Calhoun , his first	False
Doolittle was charged with four runs and three hits , including a two - run homer by Kole Calhoun , his first of the season . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on David Freese 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by David Freese . Trout drove in two runs with a double in the fourth	True
The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on David Freese 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by David Freese . Trout drove in two runs with a double in the fourth and a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Peralta led off with a double and scored on Jay 's two - out single . Peralta led off the second	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Peralta led off with a double and scored on Jay 's two - out single . Peralta led off the second	True
Chris Archer ( 1 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and 12 hits in five innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Tampa Bay went up 1 - 0 in the first inning when Wieters singled , stole second	False
Tampa Bay went up 1 - 0 in the first inning when Wieters singled , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Chris Davis . Baltimore went up 4 - 0 in the second	True
Baltimore went up 4 - 0 in the second on a two - out RBI double by Chris Davis and a run - scoring double by Chris Davis . Baltimore went up 4 - 0 in the second inning when Wieters singled , stole second	False
Baltimore went up 4 - 0 in the second inning when Wieters singled , stole second and scored on a single by Chris Davis . Baltimore made it 6 - 0 in the third	True
Baltimore made it 6 - 0 in the third . Wieters singled , stole second	False
Wieters singled , stole second and scored on a single by Chris Davis . The Orioles made it 6 - 0 in the third	True
The Orioles made it 6 - 0 in the third . Wieters singled , stole second	False
Wieters singled , stole second and scored on a single by Chris Davis . Baltimore made it 6 - 0 in the third	True
In the bottom half , Wieters doubled and scored on a single by Chris Davis . Baltimore made it 6 - 0 in the third	True
Cruz hit an RBI double and scored on a single by Chris Davis . Baltimore made it 6 - 0 in the third	True
He struck out three and walked three . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Gomez . The Pirates tied it in the fourth	False
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Gomez . The Pirates tied it in the fourth on Andrew McCutchen 's sacrifice fly , but the Pirates tied it in the fourth	False
The Pirates tied it in the fourth on Andrew McCutchen 's sacrifice fly , but the Pirates tied it in the fourth on Andrew McCutchen 's sacrifice fly . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out three and walked three . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Gomez . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Aramis Ramirez 's RBI single . The Pirates tied it in the fourth	True
Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Aramis Ramirez 's RBI single . The Pirates tied it in the fourth on Andrew McCutchen 's sacrifice fly , but the Pirates tied it in the fourth	False
The Pirates tied it in the fourth on Andrew McCutchen 's sacrifice fly , but the Pirates tied it in the fourth on Andrew McCutchen 's sacrifice fly . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out six , walked four and hit a batter with a pitch . Freeman hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He struck out six and walked four . Freeman hit a three - run homer in the first	True
McGowan ( 1 - 1 ) allowed five hits , walked one and struck out two . Sergio Santos pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out six , walked one and hit two batters . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Goldschmidt hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , Bronson Arroyo pitched five effective innings and the Diamondbacks beat the San Francisco Giants 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Goldschmidt hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Castellanos hit a go - ahead , three - run homer off Kenley Jansen in the 10th inning , and the Tigers beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 7 - 6 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Victor Martinez hit a solo homer in the 10th inning and Victor Martinez added a solo shot in the 10th	True
Victor Martinez hit a solo homer in the 10th inning and Victor Martinez added a solo shot in the 10th for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Joe Nathan ( 2 - 0 ) gave up three runs in the ninth	True
Victor Martinez hit a solo homer in the 10th inning and Victor Martinez added a solo shot in the 10th for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Joe Nathan ( 2 - 0 ) gave up three runs in the ninth , including Adrian Gonzalez 's leadoff homer in the ninth	True
The right - hander was 0 - 2 with a 13.50 ERA in four previous appearances against the Dodgers , including a no - hitter in his first start of the season . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the first	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Dee Gordon and a run - scoring single by Dee Gordon . The Dodgers took a 3 - 2 lead in the second	True
The Dodgers took a 3 - 2 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Dee Gordon and a run - scoring single by Dee Gordon . The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first	True
Yasmani Grandal had a career - high four hits and Jedd Gyorko had a two - run double for the Padres . Yasmani Grandal had four hits , including a two - out RBI single in the ninth	True
Yasmani Grandal had four hits , including a two - out RBI single in the ninth for San Diego , which has lost three straight . Jedd Gyorko had a two - run double in the fourth	True
Jedd Gyorko had a two - run double in the fourth for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Jedd Gyorko had a two - run double in the fourth	False
Yasmani Grandal had a career - high four hits and Yasmani Grandal had four hits for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Jedd Gyorko had a two - run double in the fourth	True
Jedd Gyorko had a two - run double in the fourth and Yasmani Grandal had a career - high four hits for the Padres , who have lost three straight and six of seven . San Diego 's Jedd Gyorko had a two - run double in the fourth	False
Jedd Gyorko had a two - run double in the fourth and Yasmani Grandal had a career - high four hits for the Padres , who have lost three straight and six of seven . San Diego 's Jedd Gyorko had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth	False
San Diego 's Jedd Gyorko had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . Gyorko had an RBI single in the sixth	True
Darvish ( 1 - 0 ) allowed seven hits , struck out six and walked one . Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth	True
Darvish ( 1 - 0 ) allowed seven hits , struck out six and walked one . Joakim Soria pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The right - hander was coming off a pair of no - decisions in a loss to Tampa Bay in which he gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 3 1/3 innings of a loss to the New York Yankees . Cobb retired the first eight batters before Shin-Soo Choo singled with one out in the third	True
Cobb retired the next two batters before Andrus drove a 3 - 2 pitch over the wall in right - center for his first homer of the season . The Rangers loaded the bases with one out in the sixth	True
The Rangers loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Darvish struck out Matt Joyce and Matt Joyce to end the threat . The Rays had runners on first	False
The Rangers loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Darvish struck out Matt Joyce and Matt Joyce to end the threat . The Rays had runners on first and second	False
The Rangers loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Darvish struck out Matt Joyce and Matt Joyce to end the threat . The Rays had runners on first and second with one out in the second	True
The Rays had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Darvish struck out Matt Joyce and Matt Joyce to end the threat . The Rays loaded the bases with two outs in the fifth	True
Luis Avilan ( 1 - 0 ) got one out for the win . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth	True
Luis Avilan ( 1 - 0 ) got one out for the win . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth	True
Blackmon hit a two - run homer and drove in five runs , Juan Nicasio pitched seven strong innings and the Colorado Rockies beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 12 - 2 on Tuesday night . Blackmon had a two - run triple in the third inning and a two - run homer in the sixth	True
It was the third time this season the Rockies have hit back - to - back home runs . Blackmon had a two - run triple in the third	True
It was the third time this season the Rockies have hit back - to - back home runs . Blackmon had a two - run triple in the third and a two - run homer in the sixth	True
It was the most hits by a Rockies player this season , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Blackmon had a two - run triple in the third	True
It was the most hits by a Rockies player this season , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Blackmon had a two - run triple in the third and a two - run homer in the fourth	True
The Diamondbacks had at least one hit in each of the first five innings against Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up six runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Troy Tulowitzki . The Rockies made it 4 - 0 in the third	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Troy Tulowitzki . The Rockies made it 4 - 0 in the third when Cuddyer singled , stole second	False
The Rockies made it 4 - 0 in the third when Cuddyer singled , stole second and scored on a single by Troy Tulowitzki . Gonzalez hit a two - run homer off Joe Thatcher in the sixth	True
Olt hit his first homer of the season in the second inning and the Chicago Cubs beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Olt 's homer was his first	False
Olt hit his first homer of the season in the second inning and the Chicago Cubs beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Olt 's homer was his first of the season and the first	False
Olt 's homer was his first of the season and the first of his career . It was his first home run of the season and the first	False
Feldman ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two hits , walked two and struck out three in 6 2/3 innings . He was replaced by Chad Qualls , who gave up an RBI single to Brian McCann in the eighth	True
He struck out six and walked one . He was replaced by Vidal Nuno , who struck out the side in the eighth	True
Howard hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning , lifting the Phillies to a 6 - 3 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Howard hit a three - run homer off Boone Logan in the ninth	True
Howard hit a three - run homer off Boone Logan in the ninth to give the Phillies a 6 - 3 lead . Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Ryan Howard hit a three - run homer off Boone Logan in the ninth	True
Ryan Howard hit a three - run homer off Boone Logan in the ninth . Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Justin Morneau homered and Wilin Rosario had a run - scoring double for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked five and struck out four . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Wilin Rosario 's RBI double and Wilin Rosario 's run - scoring double . The Rockies tied it in the third	True
He walked three and struck out one . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Scooter Gennett 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Scooter Gennett 's sacrifice fly . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
He struck out seven and walked three . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked three . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the inning . Freddie Freeman led off with a single , moved to third	False
The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice fly by Chris Johnson . Heyward led off the bottom of the first	True
Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win . Jenrry Mejia pitched the ninth	True
He walked Josh Harrison to load the bases with one out , but Mejia got Josh Harrison to ground into a double play to end the game . Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win , and Jenrry Mejia pitched the ninth	True
Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win , and Jenrry Mejia pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . New York took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
New York took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Daniel Murphy 's RBI single and a run - scoring double by Daniel Murphy . New York tied it in the sixth	True
New York tied it in the sixth on Starling Marte 's two - run single and Starling Marte 's two - run single off Vic Black ( 1 - 0 ) . New York took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
New York took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on RBI singles by Daniel Murphy and Bobby Abreu . The Pirates tied it in the sixth	False
The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 2.28 ERA in his last seven starts . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked four and struck out two . Devin Mesoraco hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Devin Mesoraco hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Reds . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth	True
Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save . Devin Mesoraco hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Devin Mesoraco hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Reds . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth	True
Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . Devin Mesoraco hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Devin Mesoraco hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the Reds . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth	True
Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . The Dodgers ' first three batters reached base in the fourth	True
The Dodgers ' first three batters reached base in the fourth , but Greinke got out of the jam by striking out Todd Frazier and getting Zack Cozart to ground into an inning - ending double play . Mesoraco hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Mesoraco hit a two - run homer in the eighth to make it 6 - 3 . The Reds added a run in the seventh	False
He struck out seven and walked three . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Anthony Rendon doubled and scored on Wilson Ramos ' two - out single . Desmond homered in the fourth	True
The A 's have lost five of six . Oakland 's Yoenis Cespedes hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot to left in the second	True
The A 's have lost five of six . Oakland 's Yoenis Cespedes hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot to left in the second , but the Blue Jays tied it in the third	True
Oakland 's Yoenis Cespedes hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot to left in the second , but the Blue Jays tied it in the third when Anthony Gose doubled and scored on Cabrera 's fielder 's choice grounder . Toronto made it 4 - 1 in the fifth	False
Oakland 's Yoenis Cespedes hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot to left in the second , but the Blue Jays tied it in the third when Anthony Gose doubled and scored on Cabrera 's fielder 's choice grounder . Toronto made it 4 - 1 in the fifth when Reyes singled , stole second	False
Reynolds hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning , and the Brewers beat the Miami Marlins 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Reynolds hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Reynolds hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning , and the Brewers beat the Miami Marlins 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Reynolds hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Reynolds hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a two - run shot in the fifth to help the Brewers snap a three - game losing streak . It was Reynolds ' first multihomer game of the season and the first	False
He also hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning of a 4 - 3 win over the Marlins on Tuesday night . Reynolds ' second homer of the game , a two - run shot , made it 7 - 1 in the fifth	True
He also hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning to give the Brewers a 3 - 1 lead . Reynolds hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Reynolds hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Brewers a 7 - 1 lead . It was Reynolds ' second career multihomer game and first	False
It was Reynolds ' second career multihomer game and first this season . He also had a sacrifice fly in the first	True
It was Reynolds ' second career multihomer game and first this season . He also had a sacrifice fly in the first and a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Volquez ( 2 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in six innings , walking two and striking out four . Mark Melancon pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked five . Treinen walked the first two batters he faced in the third	True
Treinen walked Volquez to load the bases , and McCutchen hit a run - scoring single to center to give the Pirates a 2 - 1 lead . Treinen walked the first two batters in the fifth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Pence led off with his first homer of the season , a drive into the left - field seats . It was his third	False
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Pence led off with his first homer of the season , a drive into the left - field seats . It was his third of the season and second	False
He struck out four and walked two . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Pence led off with his first homer of the season , a drive into the left - field seats . It was his third	False
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Pence led off with his first homer of the season , a drive into the left - field seats . It was his third of the season and second	False
He struck out four and walked two . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Joe Smith pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Pirates have won five of their last six games and are a season - high seven games over .500 . Tony Watson ( 4 - 0 ) pitched one inning for the win and Mark Melancon worked the ninth	True
Tony Watson ( 4 - 0 ) pitched one inning for the win and Mark Melancon worked the ninth for his fifth save in seven chances . Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up four hits and three runs in the ninth	True
Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up four hits and three runs in the ninth . Tony Watson ( 4 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Tony Watson ( 4 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Mark Melancon pitched the ninth	True
Mark Melancon pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six chances . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Jose Tabata 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . The Pirates tied it in the fifth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Jose Tabata 's fielder 's choice grounder . The Brewers tied it in the fifth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in three starts against the Mariners this season . Grant Balfour pitched a perfect ninth	True
Danny Santana drove in the go - ahead run in the eighth inning , and the Twins beat the Detroit Tigers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Danny Santana drove in the go - ahead run with a two - out single off Al Alburquerque in the eighth	True
Ian Kinsler hit a solo homer for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Jared Burton ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Jared Burton ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Glen Perkins got 1 - 2 - 3 in the ninth	True
Ian Kinsler hit a solo homer for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Jared Burton ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Jared Burton ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Glen Perkins got 1 - 2 - 3 in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Austin Jackson 's sacrifice fly . Kinsler led off the fifth	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Austin Jackson 's sacrifice fly . Kinsler led off the fifth with a homer , and Austin Jackson 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 in the fourth	True
Kinsler led off the fifth with a homer , and Austin Jackson 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 in the fourth . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Miguel Cabrera . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
He walked none and struck out four . Joe Smith worked the ninth	True
He walked none and struck out four . Joe Smith worked the ninth	True
He walked none and struck out four . Joe Smith worked the ninth	True
Jeter led off the game with a double and scored on Carlos Beltran 's sacrifice fly . Jeter led off the second	True
Jeter led off the second with his first homer of the season , and the Yankees added five more runs in the inning against Hector Santiago ( 0 - 6 ) . Jeter led off the second	True
Jeter led off the second with a double and scored on Roberts ' single to make it 5 - 0 . Jeter led off the second	True
Jeter led off the second with his first homer of the season , a drive into the lower seats in the left - field corner . Jeter led off the second	True
Jeter led off the second with his first homer of the season , a drive into the left - field bullpen . Jeter led off the second	True
Jeter led off the second with his first homer of the season , a drive into the left - field bullpen . Jeter led off the second	True
Jeter led off the second with his first homer of the season , a drive into the left - field bullpen . Jeter led off the second	True
Jeter led off the second with his first homer of the season , a drive into the left - field bullpen . Jeter led off the second	True
The right - hander struck out two in a perfect ninth inning to give the Braves a 2 - 1 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Justin Upton hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the fourth inning , and Justin Upton hit his first homer of the season in the fourth	True
Justin Upton hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the fourth inning , and Justin Upton hit his first homer of the season in the fourth . David Carpenter ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
David Carpenter ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Craig Kimbrel struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Justin Upton hit his first homer of the season in the fourth inning to give the Braves a 1 - 0 lead . The Braves tied it in the sixth	True
Matt Carpenter led off with a double and scored on Matt Holliday 's two - out single . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth	True
Matt Carpenter led off with a double and scored on Matt Holliday 's single . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth	True
Matt Carpenter led off with a double and scored on Holliday 's two - out single . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth	True
Matt Carpenter led off with a double and scored on Holliday 's two - out single . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth	True
Matt Carpenter led off with a double and scored on Holliday 's two - out single . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth	True
Matt Carpenter led off with a double and scored on Holliday 's two - out single . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth	True
Wade Davis ( 2 - 1 ) struck out four in two scoreless innings for the win . Greg Holland pitched the 11th	True
Greg Holland pitched the 11th for his eighth save in eight chances . Salvador Perez tied the game at 1 with a leadoff homer in the sixth	True
Salvador Perez tied the game at 1 with a leadoff homer in the sixth . It was Perez 's third homer of the season and second	False
Wade Davis ( 2 - 1 ) struck out four in two scoreless innings for the win . Greg Holland pitched the 11th	True
The right - hander , who was 0 - 3 in his previous three starts , struck out seven and walked one . Ernesto Frieri pitched a perfect ninth	True
Weaver ( 3 - 2 ) gave up one run and six hits in eight innings , struck out seven and walked one . Ernesto Frieri pitched a perfect ninth	True
Weaver ( 3 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits in eight innings , struck out seven and walked one . Ernesto Frieri pitched a perfect ninth	True
Weaver ( 3 - 2 ) gave up one run and six hits in eight innings , struck out seven and walked one . Ernesto Frieri pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Ernesto Frieri pitched a perfect ninth	True
Tulowitzki 's two - run homer in the second inning off Martin Perez ( 4 - 2 ) gave the Rockies a 5 - 0 lead . It was the second multihomer game of Tulowitzki 's career and his second	False
It was the second multihomer game of Tulowitzki 's career and his second this season . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second	False
It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second	False
It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second	False
It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second	False
It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second	False
It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second	False
It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second	False
It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second	False
It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second	False
It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second	False
It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second	False
It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second	False
It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second	False
It was his second multihomer game of the season and second of his career . It was his second multihomer game of the season and second	False
Arenado 's two - run shot in the fifth gave the Rockies a 5 - 0 lead . It was Tulowitzki 's second multihomer game of the season and second	False
He is hitting .408 with five home runs and 10 RBIs in his last 10 games . Arenado 's two - run homer in the fifth	True
The right - hander struck out nine and walked one . Joe Nathan pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked three . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh	True
Rajai Davis followed with an RBI single to make it 1 - 0 . Rajai Davis added an RBI single in the seventh	True
Rajai Davis added an RBI single in the seventh . Joe Nathan pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked three . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh	True
Charlie Culberson hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the bottom of the inning , and the Rockies rallied from a five - run deficit to beat the New York Mets 11 - 10 on Tuesday night . The Mets rallied from a 6 - 0 deficit to take a 9 - 6 lead in the bottom of the fifth	True
The Mets rallied from a 6 - 0 deficit to take a 9 - 6 lead in the bottom of the fifth , but the Mets rallied from a 6 - 0 deficit to take a 9 - 6 lead in the bottom of the inning . Arenado 's grand slam off Kyle Farnsworth ( 0 - 2 ) gave the Rockies an 8 - 6 lead in the fifth	True
It was the first grand slam of the season for Arenado , who hit his first career grand slam in the fifth inning to give the Rockies an 8 - 6 lead . It was the first career grand slam for Arenado , who hit his first career grand slam in the fifth	True
It was the first career grand slam for Arenado , who hit his first career grand slam in the fifth to give the Rockies an 8 - 6 lead . It was the first career grand slam for Arenado , who hit his first career grand slam in the fifth	False
It was the first career grand slam for Arenado , who hit his first career grand slam in the fifth to give the Rockies an 8 - 6 lead . LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a two - run homer to Chris Young in the ninth	True
Byrd followed with a two - run single to make it 7 - 0 . The Phillies jumped on Roark for three runs in the first	True
Byrd followed with a two - run single to make it 5 - 0 . The Phillies tacked on two more runs in the fifth	True
The Phillies tacked on two more runs in the fifth on Byrd 's two - out , two - run single to right that made it 7 - 0 . LaRoche hit his first career pinch - hit homer in the sixth	True
The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in six of his seven starts this season . Sergio Romo pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Pagan 's leadoff home run , his first	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Pagan 's leadoff home run , his first of the season . The Braves tied it in the fifth	True
The Braves tied it in the fifth . Gerald Laird led off with a single , moved to second	False
Gerald Laird led off with a single , moved to second on Lincecum 's sacrifice and scored on Freddie Freeman 's two - out single . The Braves tied it in the fifth	True
Gerald Laird led off with a double and scored on Freddie Freeman 's two - out single . The Braves tied it in the fifth	True
The Braves tied it in the fifth . Gerald Laird led off with a single , moved to second	False
HOUSTON -- Marc Krauss singled home the winning run in the 11th inning to lift the Houston Astros to a 5 - 4 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Krauss singled off Charlie Furbush ( 0 - 3 ) to start the 11th	True
HOUSTON -- Marc Krauss singled home the winning run in the 11th inning to lift the Houston Astros to a 5 - 4 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Krauss singled off Charlie Furbush ( 0 - 3 ) to start the 11th and advanced to third	False
Krauss followed with an RBI single to tie it at 4 - all . Anthony Bass ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th	True
Haren ( 8 - 4 ) struck out five and walked one , lowering his ERA to 3.57 . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 13.50 ERA in four starts against the Dodgers this season . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Mets ' first game of the season was postponed because of rain , and the Braves rallied from a three - run deficit to beat the New York Mets 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . The Braves rallied from a 3 - 0 deficit to take a 3 - 0 lead in the top of the eighth	True
Curtis Granderson led off the game with a homer and Chris Young drove in a run with a sacrifice fly . Curtis Granderson hit a leadoff homer in the first	True
Curtis Granderson led off the game with a homer and Chris Young drove in a run with a sacrifice fly . Curtis Granderson hit a leadoff homer in the first and Chris Young had a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Curtis Granderson hit a leadoff homer in the first and Chris Young had a sacrifice fly in the third to give the Mets a 3 - 0 lead . Tommy La Stella drove in a run with a bases - loaded walk in the eighth	True
Tommy La Stella drove in a run with a bases - loaded walk in the eighth . Anthony Varvaro ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Anthony Varvaro ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth	True
Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his 25th save in 28 chances . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Chris Young 's sacrifice fly and a sacrifice fly by Chris Young . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
He struck out five and walked three . Jenrry Mejia pitched the ninth	True
Eric Campbell had three hits and scored a run for the Mets . Jenrry Mejia pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked three . The Pirates scored three times in the fourth	True
He struck out four and walked three . The Pirates scored three times in the fourth	True
He struck out eight and walked none . The Royals scored three runs in the sixth	True
The Royals scored three runs in the sixth to take a 6 - 0 lead . Erick Aybar led off with a single , stole second	False
Erick Aybar led off with a single , stole second and scored on Freese 's two - out single . Freese added an RBI single in the sixth	True
He struck out eight and walked none . The Royals scored in the third	True
Freeman hit a three - run homer and Julio Teheran pitched seven strong innings to lead the Braves to a 4 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Freeman hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring double in the second	True
Freeman hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring double in the second . Freeman hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring double in the second	False
Freeman hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring double in the second . Freeman hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring double in the second	False
He struck out a career - high eight and walked two . The Phillies jumped on Kendrick in the first	True
Freeman followed with a three - run shot to left to give the Braves a 3 - 0 lead . The Phillies cut it to 4 - 2 in the fourth	True
The Phillies cut it to 4 - 2 in the fourth on Marlon Byrd 's RBI groundout and Jimmy Rollins ' run - scoring groundout . Jimmy Rollins drove in a run with a groundout in the fourth	True
Starlin Castro hit a two - run single and Justin Ruggiano added a two - run double as the Cubs won for the seventh time in nine games . Neil Ramirez ( 1 - 1 ) pitched one - third	True
Neil Ramirez ( 1 - 1 ) pitched one - third of an inning for the win . Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth	True
Neil Ramirez ( 1 - 1 ) got one out for the win . Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth	True
Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . The Nationals took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Nationals took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth on Justin Ruggiano 's two - run single and Starlin Castro 's two - run single . Neil Ramirez ( 1 - 1 ) pitched one - third	True
Neil Ramirez ( 1 - 1 ) pitched one - third of an inning for the win . Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth	True
Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . The Nationals took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Nationals took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth on Justin Ruggiano 's two - run single and Welington Castillo 's RBI single . The Nationals tied it in the sixth	True
The Nationals tied it in the sixth on Anthony Rendon 's RBI single and Anthony Rendon 's run - scoring single . The Nationals tied it in the sixth	False
The Nationals tied it in the sixth on Anthony Rendon 's RBI single and Anthony Rendon 's run - scoring single . The Cubs tied it in the sixth	True
Justin De Fratus ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings to earn the win . Chase Utley hit a two - run homer in the 14th	True
He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . The Phillies took a 3 - 2 lead in the seventh	True
Wilson ( 8 - 6 ) allowed six runs and nine hits in five innings , struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Joe Smith worked the ninth	True
He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Joe Smith worked the ninth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.00 ERA in his last four starts . Addison Reed worked the ninth	True
He had a season - high four innings and allowed four earned runs on seven hits . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Buster Posey led off with a double and scored on Pablo Sandoval 's triple . The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Chris Owings and a run - scoring triple by Chris Owings . Hill added a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
He walked one and struck out one . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out triple by Pablo Sandoval . The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Chris Owings and a run - scoring triple by Prado . Hill added a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out six and walked four . Zach Britton pitched the ninth	True
Duffy ( 4 - 5 ) allowed five hits , struck out nine and walked one in seven innings . Paul Konerko homered in the ninth	True
Hector Noesi ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . Paul Konerko homered in the ninth	True
Paul Konerko homered in the ninth off Michael Mariot , but the White Sox lost for the fifth time in six games . Paul Konerko hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
Mayberry hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs , Kyle Kendrick pitched six effective innings and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the San Diego Padres 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Mayberry , who had three hits , hit a three - run homer off Alex Torres in the seventh	True
Mayberry , who had three hits , hit a three - run homer off Alex Torres in the seventh to make it 7 - 2 . Mayberry , who had three hits , hit a three - run homer off Alex Torres in the seventh	False
Mayberry , who had three hits , hit a three - run homer off Alex Torres in the seventh to make it 7 - 2 . Yasmani Grandal hit a solo homer off Ken Giles in the ninth	False
Eric Stults ( 2 - 8 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in five - plus innings . Yasmani Grandal hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
He struck out two and walked one . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
McCutchen hit a two - run homer and drove in two runs , Andrew McCutchen homered and drove in two runs , and the Pirates beat the Chicago Cubs 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Jason Hammel ( 6 - 4 ) and added a run - scoring single in the third	True
McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Jason Hammel ( 6 - 4 ) and added a run - scoring single in the third . He also singled in a run in the third inning and added a run - scoring single in the third	True
Brandon Cumpton ( 2 - 2 ) allowed two runs and five hits in five innings for the Pirates . Jason Grilli pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out six and walked four . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Abreu 's first homer of the season . The Tigers tied it in the fourth	True
The Tigers tied it in the fourth on Torii Hunter 's run - scoring groundout . The Tigers tied it in the fourth	False
The Tigers tied it in the fourth on Torii Hunter 's run - scoring groundout . The Tigers tied it in the fourth	False
The Tigers tied it in the fourth on Torii Hunter 's run - scoring groundout . The Tigers tied it in the fourth	False
The right - hander walked four and struck out none . Yadier Molina put the Cardinals ahead 2 - 0 with a two - run single in the third	True
Yadier Molina put the Cardinals ahead 2 - 0 with a two - run single in the third . Yadier Molina put the Cardinals ahead 2 - 0 with a two - run single in the third	False
Yadier Molina put the Cardinals ahead 2 - 0 with a two - run single in the third . Yadier Molina put the Cardinals ahead 2 - 0 with a two - run single in the third	False
Yadier Molina put the Cardinals ahead 2 - 0 with a two - run single in the third . Yadier Molina put the Cardinals ahead 2 - 0 with a two - run single in the third	False
Andrew McCutchen hit a two - run homer for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the third	True
He struck out two and walked two . Pedro Strop pitched the eighth	True
He struck out two and walked two . Pedro Strop pitched the eighth and Pedro Strop pitched the ninth	False
He walked two and struck out two . Pedro Strop pitched the eighth	True
He walked two and struck out two . Pedro Strop pitched the eighth and Pedro Strop pitched the ninth	False
Hamilton had an RBI single in the bottom of the 14th inning to give the Los Angeles Angels a 2 - 1 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Hamilton 's RBI single in the sixth gave the Angels a 1 - 0 lead , but the Angels tied it in the eighth	True
Eduardo Escobar 's RBI double in the top of the ninth made it 4 - 3 , but Janssen struck out Josh Willingham to end the inning . Toronto 's Danny Santana hit his first career leadoff home run , a leadoff shot in the first	True
Eduardo Escobar 's RBI double in the top of the ninth made it 4 - 3 , but Janssen struck out Josh Willingham to end the inning . Toronto 's Danny Santana hit his first career leadoff home run , a leadoff shot in the first , and Eduardo Escobar had an RBI double in the ninth	True
Anderson ( 5 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings , striking out eight and walking one . Brad Ziegler pitched the ninth	True
He walked six and struck out four . The Braves had runners on first	False
He walked six and struck out four . The Braves had runners on first and second	False
He walked six and struck out four . The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Anderson struck out Chris Johnson and Chris Johnson to end the inning . The Braves had runners on first	False
The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Anderson struck out Chris Johnson and Chris Johnson to end the inning . The Braves had runners on first and second	False
The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Anderson struck out Chris Johnson and Chris Johnson to end the inning . The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the fifth	True
The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the fifth , but Anderson struck out Chris Johnson and got Jason Heyward to fly out to end the inning . The Braves had runners on first	False
The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the fifth , but Anderson struck out Chris Johnson and got Jason Heyward to fly out to end the inning . The Braves had runners on first and second	False
The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the fifth , but Anderson struck out Chris Johnson and got Jason Heyward to fly out to end the inning . The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth	True
The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth , but Anderson struck out Chris Johnson and Chris Johnson to end the inning . Atlanta 's Tommy La Stella hit a run - scoring single in the eighth	True
James Jones hit a two - run triple off Grant Balfour in the ninth inning , giving the Mariners a 3 - 0 lead . Yoervis Medina ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts with a 6.46 ERA . Yoervis Medina ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Craig Kimbrel got the final four outs for his 16th save in 19 chances . Heyward hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Heyward hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . The Braves tied it in the fifth	True
The Braves tied it in the fifth on Didi Gregorius ' first career leadoff home run , a solo shot to left - center . It was his third career leadoff homer and third	False
He walked four and struck out four . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a run - scoring triple by Ian Kinsler and a sacrifice fly by Torii Hunter . The Tigers tied it in the fifth	True
Samuel Deduno ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two runs and six hits in five innings for the Twins . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth	True
Glen Perkins pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . The Brewers had runners on second	False
Glen Perkins pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . The Brewers had runners on second and third	False
Glen Perkins pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . The Brewers had runners on second and third with one out in the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Ryan Braun and a run - scoring single by Lyle Overbay . The Brewers tied it in the second	True
The Brewers tied it in the second on Josmil Pinto 's RBI single . The Brewers tied it in the second	False
The Brewers tied it in the second on Josmil Pinto 's RBI single . The Brewers tied it in the second	False
The Brewers tied it in the second on Josmil Pinto 's RBI single . The Brewers tied it in the second	False
The Brewers tied it in the second on Josmil Pinto 's run - scoring single . The Brewers tied it in the second	False
Romero ( 2 - 0 ) struck out four in two innings , striking out four . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Dominic Leone ( 2 - 0 ) struck out four in two innings of hitless relief . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Dominic Leone ( 2 - 0 ) struck out four in two innings for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Seattle starter Gavin Floyd allowed five runs -- three earned -- and 10 hits in five innings . The Braves took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on B. J. Upton 's solo homer and a three - run shot by Evan Gattis . The Mariners tied it at 5 in the fourth	True
Gattis hit a two - run homer off Erasmo Ramirez in the bottom half to tie the game at 5 . The Mariners tied it at 5 in the fourth	True
James Jones ' RBI single made it 4 - 2 , and Buck 's run - scoring single made it 4 - 2 . Gattis hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
He struck out five and walked two . Jose Abreu hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.37 ERA in his last five starts . Jason Grilli gave up a run in the ninth	True
Mike Zunino hit a two - run homer and Mike Zunino added a two - run shot for the Mariners , who took two of three from the Indians . Joe Beimel ( 3 - 1 ) got one out in the seventh	True
Joe Beimel ( 3 - 1 ) got one out in the seventh for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Jason Kipnis hit a two - run homer and Carlos Santana drove in two runs for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Joe Beimel ( 3 - 1 ) got the last out in the seventh	True
Joe Beimel ( 3 - 1 ) got the last out in the seventh for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Jason Kipnis hit a two - run homer and Carlos Santana had two hits and two RBI for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Joe Beimel ( 3 - 1 ) got the final out in the seventh	True
Joe Beimel ( 3 - 1 ) got the final out in the seventh for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . Hector Rondon worked the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out two . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the sixth . Chris Coghlan led off with a double , moved to third	False
Josh Donaldson hit a two - run double with two outs in the ninth inning and the A 's rallied from a four - run deficit to beat the Astros 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Josh Donaldson hit a two - run double in the ninth inning and pinch - hitter Alberto Callaspo added a two - run double in the ninth	True
Evan Scribner ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Sean Doolittle pitched a perfect ninth	True
Oliver Perez ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with two innings of scoreless relief . Addison Reed worked the 15th	True
Addison Reed worked the 15th for his 25th save in 27 chances . J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 8 ) walked Martin Prado to lead off the 15th	True
Oliver Perez ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with two innings of scoreless relief . Addison Reed worked the 15th	True
He struck out eight and walked two . Addison Reed pitched the 15th	True
Denard Span had four hits , including an RBI single , and Denard Span had four hits and drove in a run for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Rafael Soriano gave up a one - out single in the ninth	True
Butler hit a go - ahead , two - run homer off John Axford in the eighth inning , and the Royals beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Butler 's pinch - hit , two - run homer in the eighth	True
Butler 's pinch - hit , two - run homer in the eighth off John Axford gave the Royals a 6 - 4 lead . Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Carlos Santana homered twice and David Murphy had three hits for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Carlos Santana homered twice and David Murphy had three hits for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Aaron Crow worked the ninth	True
Carlos Santana homered twice and David Murphy had three hits for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Aaron Crow worked the ninth	True
Aaron Crow worked the ninth for his second save . Santana hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Aaron Crow worked the ninth for his second save . Santana hit a two - run homer in the sixth to pull the Indians within 4 - 3 , but the Indians tied it in the seventh	False
Santana hit a two - run homer in the sixth to pull the Indians within 4 - 3 , but the Indians tied it in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Jason Kipnis and a sacrifice fly by Jason Kipnis . Santana hit a two - run homer in the sixth	False
Santana hit a two - run homer in the sixth to pull the Indians within 4 - 3 , but the Indians tied it in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Jason Kipnis and a sacrifice fly by Jason Kipnis . Santana hit a two - run homer in the sixth to pull the Indians within 4 - 3 , but the Indians tied it in the seventh	False
He walked four and struck out one . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
He walked four and struck out one . The Red Sox took a 4 - 3 lead in the sixth	True
Colby Rasmus followed with an RBI double , and Colby Rasmus followed with an RBI double . Toronto tied it at 4 in the sixth	True
Colby Rasmus followed with an RBI double , and Colby Rasmus followed with an RBI double . Toronto tied it at 4 in the sixth on a throwing error by third baseman Xander Bogaerts , who was trying to score from second	False
Lucroy hit a 1 - 1 pitch from Sam LeCure ( 1 - 2 ) into the right - field seats to give the Brewers a 3 - 1 lead . It was Lucroy 's second career two - homer game and first	False
It was Lucroy 's second career two - homer game and first this season . Francisco Rodriguez ( 4 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The Brewers have won four of five . Francisco Rodriguez ( 4 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Francisco Rodriguez ( 4 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Ryan Braun hit a solo homer in the first inning and Aramis Ramirez added a solo shot in the sixth	True
Ryan Braun hit a solo homer in the first inning and Aramis Ramirez added a solo shot in the sixth for the Brewers . Francisco Rodriguez ( 4 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Ramirez 's solo homer and Lucroy 's two - out , solo shot in the first	True
The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Ramirez 's solo homer and Lucroy 's two - out , solo shot in the first . The Brewers cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the fourth	False
He struck out five and walked one . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Ramirez 's first home run of the season , a two - out shot to right field . Lucroy hit a solo shot in the bottom of the first	True
The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Ramirez 's first home run of the season , a two - out shot to right field . Lucroy hit a solo shot in the bottom of the first , his second	False
Ellsbury had four hits and scored a run for the Yankees , who have won four of five . David Robertson ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
David Robertson ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Dellin Betances gave up Skip Schumaker 's RBI single in the ninth	True
Dellin Betances gave up Skip Schumaker 's RBI single in the ninth . David Robertson ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
David Robertson ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Dellin Betances gave up an RBI single to Skip Schumaker in the top of the ninth	False
Dellin Betances gave up an RBI single to Skip Schumaker in the top of the ninth before striking out Brayan Pena to end the inning . David Robertson ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
David Robertson ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Dellin Betances gave up an RBI single to Skip Schumaker with one out in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked four . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
He struck out six and walked two . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
He struck out eight and did not walk a batter . David Hale pitched the seventh	True
He struck out eight and did not walk a batter . David Hale pitched the seventh , David Hale struck out the side in the eighth	True
He walked two and struck out one . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
Harrison 's pinch - hit sacrifice fly in the eighth inning lifted the Pirates to a 4 - 2 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Gregory Polanco led off the eighth	True
Gregory Polanco led off the eighth with a double off Matt Belisle ( 2 - 5 ) and scored on pinch - hitter Travis Snider 's double . Harrison ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and three hits in one - third	True
Harrison ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and three hits in one - third of an inning . Tony Watson ( 6 - 1 ) pitched one inning for the win and Mark Melancon worked the ninth	True
The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last seven starts . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his past five starts . Yordano Ventura ( 7 - 7 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win and Greg Holland worked a perfect ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked two . Aroldis Chapman struck out the side in the ninth	True
The right - hander walked four and did n't strike out anyone . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Brandon Phillips ' two - out double that scored Zack Cozart , who led off with a single . The Cubs tied it in the third	True
The Cubs tied it in the third when Rizzo led off with his 13th homer of the season , a drive into the left - field seats . The Cubs tied it in the third	False
They have won six of their last seven games . Boone Logan ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Boone Logan ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . LaTroy Hawkins pitched the ninth	True
Seth Smith homered and Chris Denorfia had two hits for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Boone Logan ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Boone Logan ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth to earn the win . LaTroy Hawkins pitched the ninth	True
LaTroy Hawkins pitched the ninth for his 17th save in 21 chances . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on solo homers by Tulowitzki and Wilin Rosario . The Padres took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Padres took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Tulowitzki led off with his second homer of the season , and Stubbs followed with a drive to right to give the Rockies a 3 - 1 lead . Tulowitzki led off the fourth	True
The Padres took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Tulowitzki led off with his second homer of the season , and Stubbs followed with a drive to right to give the Rockies a 3 - 1 lead . Tulowitzki led off the fourth with a homer to right , his second	False
The Padres took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Tulowitzki led off with his second homer of the season , and Stubbs followed with a drive to right to give the Rockies a 3 - 1 lead . Tulowitzki led off the fourth with a homer to right , his second of the season and second	False
Tulowitzki added a solo shot in the bottom of the inning to make it 3 - 1 . The Padres tied it at 3 in the fifth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Dunn led off with a drive into the left - field seats . Dunn led off the second	True
Dunn led off the second with his seventh homer of the season , a drive that bounced off the top of the Green Monster and into the Green Monster seats . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Dunn led off the second with his seventh homer of the season , a drive that bounced off the top of the Green Monster and into the Green Monster seats . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a solo homer by Viciedo , his third	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a solo homer by Viciedo , his third of the season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a solo homer by Viciedo , his third of the season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a solo homer by Viciedo , his third	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a solo homer by Viciedo , his third of the season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a solo homer by Viciedo , his third of the season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a solo homer by Viciedo , his sixth	False
Singleton hit a three - run homer , Marwin Gonzalez had a three - run triple and the Astros beat the Texas Rangers 12 - 7 on Tuesday night . Singleton had three hits , including a three - run triple in the second inning and a three - run homer in the fourth	True
WASHINGTON -- Washington Nationals manager Matt Williams had no idea what to expect from Jake Arrieta , who pitched six innings of four - hit ball in a 2 - 1 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Denard Span led off the eighth	True
Tyler Clippard ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Rafael Soriano pitched a perfect ninth	True
Pedro Strop ( 1 - 4 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and one run in one inning . Rafael Soriano pitched a perfect ninth	True
Pedro Strop ( 1 - 4 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and one run in one inning . Rafael Soriano pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . The Cubs tied it in the seventh	True
Pinch-hitter Chris Coghlan led off with a double and scored on Starlin Castro 's sacrifice fly . The Cubs tied it in the seventh	True
Pinch-hitter Chris Coghlan led off with a double and scored on Starlin Castro 's sacrifice fly . The Cubs tied it in the seventh	True
Pinch-hitter Chris Coghlan led off with a double and scored on Castro 's sacrifice fly . The Cubs tied it in the seventh	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Addison Reed worked the ninth	True
The Braves have lost five of six . Addison Reed pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . Calhoun led off the seventh	True
Allen Craig and Allen Craig hit two - run homers for St. Louis , which has lost four of five . Mike Dunn ( 6 - 4 ) pitched one inning for the win and Steve Cishek worked the ninth	True
Mike Dunn ( 6 - 4 ) pitched one inning for the win . Steve Cishek pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The Marlins had lost five of their previous six games and had 14 hits in the series . Jhonny Peralta hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
He walked one and struck out two . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by McGehee . The Cardinals tied it in the bottom of the first	True
MIAMI -- The Philadelphia Phillies have been waiting for Jonathan Papelbon to protect a one - run lead in the ninth inning . The right - hander pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Jake Diekman ( 3 - 2 ) pitched one inning for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Jonathan Papelbon pitched a scoreless ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . The Phillies trailed 4 - 3 before scoring twice off Jake Diekman ( 3 - 2 ) in the eighth	True
Marcell Ozuna had three hits and scored a run for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Jake Diekman ( 3 - 2 ) got the win despite allowing two runs in the eighth	True
Jake Diekman ( 3 - 2 ) got the win despite allowing two runs in the eighth . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 19th save in 21 chances . The Phillies trailed 4 - 3 before pinch - hitter Jeff Baker hit an RBI triple off Jake Diekman ( 3 - 2 ) in the eighth	True
The Phillies trailed 4 - 3 before pinch - hitter Jeff Baker hit an RBI triple off Jake Diekman ( 3 - 2 ) in the eighth . The Marlins scored twice in the eighth	False
Marcell Ozuna had three hits , including a triple , and scored on Casey McGehee 's pinch - hit single to make it 4 - 3 . The Marlins scored twice in the eighth	True
The Marlins scored twice in the eighth to take a 4 - 3 lead . Giancarlo Stanton led off with a single , stole second	False
The Marlins scored twice in the eighth to take a 4 - 3 lead . Giancarlo Stanton led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
He struck out eight and walked one . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth	True
Nate Schierholtz also homered for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Harper hit a solo homer in the second	True
Nate Schierholtz also homered for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Harper hit a solo homer in the second and a solo shot in the fourth	True
Harper hit a solo homer in the second and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo shot in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth	True
He also hit a solo shot in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . Harper had three hits , including a solo homer in the second	True
He also hit a solo shot in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . Harper had three hits , including a solo homer in the second and a solo shot in the fourth	False
Harper had three hits , including a solo homer in the second and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo shot in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth	True
He also hit a solo shot in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth	False
He also hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth	False
He also hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth	False
He also hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth	False
He also hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth	False
He also hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo shot in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth	False
He also hit a solo shot in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth	False
He struck out seven and walked one . Cody Allen struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI groundout by Jason Kipnis . The White Sox tied it in the third	True
Adam Eaton led off with a double and scored on Adam Dunn 's two - out single . Chicago tied it in the third	True
Bumgarner ( 15 - 9 ) struck out 13 in a no - hitter for the second time this season and lowered his ERA to 3.02 . Bumgarner ( 15 - 9 ) did n't allow a runner past first base until Justin Morneau singled with one out in the seventh	True
Bumgarner ( 15 - 9 ) did n't allow a runner past first base until Justin Morneau singled with one out in the seventh . Bumgarner ( 15 - 9 ) did n't allow a runner past first base until Justin Morneau singled with one out in the seventh	False
Galvis hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . Galvis hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Galvis hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . Galvis hit a two - run homer in the fifth	False
Galvis hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . Galvis hit a two - run homer in the fifth	False
Galvis hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . Galvis hit a two - run homer in the fifth	False
Galvis hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . Ruf hit a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Grady Sizemore led off the inning with a double and scored on Carlos Ruiz 's sacrifice fly . Ruf hit a two - out solo homer in the sixth	True
It was the first homer allowed by Hamels this season . The Nationals cut it to 3 - 2 in the seventh	True
The Nationals cut it to 3 - 2 in the seventh on Kevin Frandsen 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Ramos that cut the deficit to 3 - 2 . Wilson Ramos ' RBI single cut it to 3 - 2 in the seventh	True
Koji Uehara ( 6 - 4 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning to earn the win . Craig Breslow pitched the 10th	True
He walked two and struck out four . Craig Breslow pitched the 10th	True
He walked two and struck out four . Craig Breslow pitched the 10th	True
He walked two and struck out four . Craig Breslow pitched the 10th	True
He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Derek Jeter had a run - scoring groundout in the third	True
He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Derek Jeter had a run - scoring groundout in the third , and Stephen Drew added a solo home run in the fourth	True
Brad Hand ( 2 - 6 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 4 1 - 3 innings . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by McKenry and a two - run shot by McKenry . The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Arenado , his 21st of the season . The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Arenado , his 21st of the season . The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Arenado , his 21st of the season . The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Arenado , his 21st of the season . The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	False
Jake Petricka ( 0 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and two hits in 1 1/3 innings . Conor Gillaspie hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the top of the ninth	True
Conor Gillaspie hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the top of the ninth to give the White Sox a 3 - 0 lead . Conor Gillaspie hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the top of the ninth	False
Conor Gillaspie hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the top of the ninth to give the White Sox a 3 - 0 lead . Conor Gillaspie hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the top of the ninth	False
Conor Gillaspie hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the top of the ninth to make it 4 - 4 . Conor Gillaspie hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the top of the ninth	False
Conor Gillaspie hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the top of the ninth to make it 4 - 4 . Ichiro Suzuki hit a two - run single off Javy Guerra in the sixth	True
Ichiro Suzuki hit a two - run single off Javy Guerra in the sixth to give the Yankees a 4 - 3 lead . Conor Gillaspie hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Seth Maness ( 5 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Trevor Rosenthal pitched the 12th	True
Seth Maness ( 5 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Trevor Rosenthal pitched the 12th	True
He struck out three and walked two . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Ruiz 's two - run double . The Cardinals tied it in the fifth	False
Haren ( 11 - 10 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked none . He also singled in a run in the fifth	True
Haren ( 11 - 10 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked none . He also singled in a run in the fifth	True
Haren ( 11 - 10 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out six and did not walk a batter . He also hit an RBI single in the third	True
He also hit an RBI single in the third . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Justin Turner led off with a single and scored on Gordon 's two - out single . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	False
The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Justin Turner led off with a double and scored on Gordon 's single . The Dodgers tied it in the third	True
He struck out four and walked one . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Chapman walked four of the first four batters he faced before giving up a sacrifice fly to Josh Rutledge and a three - run homer to Drew Stubbs . Rex Brothers ( 4 - 5 ) allowed two runs in the ninth	True
Jay Bruce had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in three runs for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Rex Brothers ( 4 - 5 ) got the win despite allowing two runs in the ninth	True
Carp 's game - winning hit came in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Rangers a 3 - 2 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Friday night . Carp 's first career game - winning hit came with the bases loaded and one out in the ninth	True
Carp 's single up the middle drove in Adrian Beltre with the winning run . Neftali Feliz ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Neftali Feliz ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Huston Street ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and four hits in the ninth	True
Huston Street ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and four hits in the ninth . Neftali Feliz ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked four and struck out one . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Efren Navarro 's RBI single and Efren Navarro 's run - scoring groundout . The Rangers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
He walked four and struck out one . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out six and walked one . Pat Neshek worked the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out three . Addison Reed worked the ninth	True
Vance Worley ( 5 - 2 ) gave up five runs -- three earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Ian Kennedy ( 9 - 10 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked two . Joaquin Benoit pitched the ninth	True
He struck out nine and walked two . The Rockies took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth	True
He struck out nine and walked two . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Yasmani Grandal 's RBI single . The Rockies tied it at 3 in the fifth	True
The Rockies tied it at 3 in the fifth on a run - scoring double by Charlie Blackmon and a run - scoring double by Charlie Blackmon . The Rockies tied it at 3 in the fifth	False
The Rockies tied it at 3 in the fifth on a run - scoring double by Charlie Blackmon and a run - scoring double by Charlie Blackmon . The Rockies tied it at 3 in the fifth	False
The Rockies tied it at 3 in the fifth on a run - scoring double by Blackmon and a run - scoring double by Charlie Blackmon . The Rockies tied it at 3 in the fifth	False
Hendricks ( 4 - 1 ) allowed six hits , struck out five and walked one in 7 1/3 innings . Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth	True
Correia ( 6 - 13 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , striking out five and walking one . He also singled and scored in the fourth	True
Correia ( 6 - 13 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , striking out five and walking one . He also singled and scored in the fourth	True
He struck out five and walked one . He also singled and scored in the fourth	True
Correia ( 6 - 13 ) allowed one run and four hits , struck out five and walked one . He also singled and scored in the fourth	True
He also singled and scored in the fourth . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
He also singled and scored in the fourth . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Freddie Freeman led off with a single , stole second	False
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Freddie Freeman led off with a single , stole second and scored on Evan Gattis ' single . The Braves added two runs in the sixth	True
The Braves added two runs in the sixth . Matt Kemp led off with a single , stole second	False
He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Shawn Mendez and Neftali Feliz each pitched a scoreless inning . Neftali Feliz pitched a perfect ninth	True
Shawn Mendez and Neftali Feliz each pitched a scoreless inning . Neftali Feliz pitched a perfect ninth , and Neftali Feliz pitched the ninth	False
He struck out five and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Rajai Davis reached on an error by third baseman Stephen Drew , stole second	False
He struck out a season - high eight and walked one . David Huff worked a scoreless eighth	True
Yangervis Solarte drew a two - out walk off Craig Kimbrel ( 0 - 3 ) , then Yangervis Solarte hit a 1 - 1 pitch to right - center for the winning hit . Kimbrel ( 0 - 3 ) walked Yangervis Solarte with one out in the 12th	True
Ervin Santana allowed two runs and six hits in 6 2/3 innings , struck out six and walked four . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a double by Chris Johnson . The Braves tied it in the seventh	True
The Braves tied it in the seventh when Rene Rivera hit a leadoff single and scored on Solarte 's two - out single . The Braves tied it in the seventh	False
The Braves tied it in the seventh when Rene Rivera hit a leadoff single and scored on Solarte 's two - out single . The Braves tied it in the seventh when Rene Rivera singled , stole second	False
The Braves tied it in the seventh when Rene Rivera singled , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Solarte . The Braves tied it in the eighth	True
The Braves tied it in the eighth . B. J. Upton drew a leadoff walk , stole second	False
The Braves tied it in the eighth . B. J. Upton drew a leadoff walk , stole second , advanced to third	False
Nick Swisher hit a go - ahead single in the sixth inning , Nick Swisher had an RBI single and the Indians beat the Rangers 2 - 0 . Nick Swisher had an RBI single in the sixth	True
Nick Swisher hit a go - ahead single in the sixth inning , Nick Swisher had an RBI single and the Indians beat the Rangers 2 - 0 . Nick Swisher had an RBI single in the sixth and Lonnie Chisenhall had an RBI single in the sixth	True
Scott Atchison ( 4 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Cody Allen worked the ninth	True
Scott Atchison ( 4 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked two . Greg Holland pitched the ninth	True
Gray ( 12 - 4 ) allowed one run and three hits in seven innings , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . He struck out the side in the first inning and did n't allow a runner past second base until Ibanez led off the fifth	True
Luis Avilan ( 4 - 1 ) pitched two innings to earn the win . Craig Kimbrel struck out the side in the ninth	True
Luis Avilan ( 4 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Craig Kimbrel struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . The Phillies jumped on Hamels for two runs in the first	True
The Phillies jumped on Hamels for two runs in the first . Phil Gosselin drew a one - out walk , stole second	False
Phil Gosselin drew a one - out walk , stole second and scored on Freddie Freeman 's single to center . Bonifacio hit a leadoff homer in the first	True
Phil Gosselin drew a one - out walk , stole second and scored on Freddie Freeman 's single to center . Bonifacio hit a leadoff homer in the first and Freddie Freeman had an RBI single in the first	True
Bonifacio hit a leadoff homer in the first and Freddie Freeman had an RBI single in the first . Bonifacio hit a solo shot to left in the first	True
The Phillies have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high seven games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . Luis Garcia ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
Luis Garcia ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh to earn the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
The Phillies have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
Chris Johnson hit a two - run homer for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Luis Garcia ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
Luis Garcia ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 39th save in 43 chances . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Justin Upton 's RBI groundout and Freddie Freeman 's run - scoring single . Chris Johnson hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Freddie Freeman 's RBI single in the first gave the Braves a 2 - 0 lead . Johnson hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Max Scherzer ( 18 - 5 ) allowed two runs and five hits in six innings , striking out nine and walking four . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Joe Mauer hit a two - run double in the fifth	True
Santiago ( 6 - 9 ) allowed three hits , struck out three and walked two in 5 1/3 innings . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander struck out eight , walked three and threw two wild pitches . The Indians scored an unearned run in the eighth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 in his past four starts . Steve Cishek pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Castillo hit a two - run homer in the second inning , and the Cubs beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Castillo hit a two - run homer off Shelby Miller in the second inning and added a solo shot in the fifth	True
Castillo hit a two - run homer off Shelby Miller in the second inning and added a solo shot in the fifth . Zac Rosscup ( 1 - 0 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th	True
Matt Holliday hit a two - run homer for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Zac Rosscup ( 1 - 0 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th	True
Matt Holliday hit a two - run homer for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Zac Rosscup ( 1 - 0 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Braves scored in the first	True
The Braves scored in the first on Andrelton Simmons ' run - scoring fielder 's choice and Andrelton Simmons ' run - scoring fielder 's choice . The Mets added two more runs in the fourth	True
He walked four and struck out two . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Francisco Cervelli 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Francisco Cervelli . The Blue Jays put runners on second	False
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Francisco Cervelli 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Francisco Cervelli . The Blue Jays put runners on second and third	False
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Francisco Cervelli 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Francisco Cervelli . The Blue Jays put runners on second and third with one out in the third	True
Ackley hit two home runs and drove in three runs , Taijuan Walker pitched effectively into the sixth inning and the Mariners beat the Houston Astros 10 - 5 on Tuesday night . Ackley hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning off Brad Peacock ( 4 - 9 ) and drove in the go - ahead run with a single in the fourth	True
Ackley hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning off Brad Peacock ( 4 - 9 ) and drove in the go - ahead run with a single in the fourth . Ackley hit a three - run homer in the fourth	True
Ackley hit a three - run homer in the fourth off Brad Peacock ( 4 - 9 ) to make it 8 - 1 . Robinson Cano had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the fourth	True
Ackley hit a three - run homer in the fourth off Brad Peacock ( 4 - 9 ) to make it 8 - 1 . Robinson Cano had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the fourth , and Kyle Seager added a three - run homer off Darin Downs in the fourth	True
Robinson Cano had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the fourth , and Kyle Seager added a three - run homer off Darin Downs in the fourth to make it 8 - 1 . Ackley hit a solo home run in the third	True
Robinson Cano had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the fourth , and Kyle Seager added a three - run homer off Darin Downs in the fourth to make it 8 - 1 . Ackley hit a solo home run in the third and a three - run shot in the fourth	False
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Nationals scored three runs in the fourth	True
Cole ( 10 - 5 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , striking out seven without a walk . Mark Melancon worked the ninth	True
Brandon Workman ( 1 - 10 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and seven hits in five innings with six strikeouts and three walks . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out six and walked three . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
He walked three and struck out six . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ike Davis hit an RBI single and scored on Ike Davis ' single . The Pirates tied it in the third	True
The right - hander has a 2.28 ERA over his last seven starts . Hector Rondon worked the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked four . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI groundout by Yorman Rodriguez . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
Chris Valaika followed with a run - scoring single to make it 2 - 1 . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
Chris Valaika followed with a run - scoring single to center . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 in his last five starts and is 3 - 0 in his last five starts . Jeanmar Gomez pitched a perfect seventh	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 in his last five starts and is 3 - 0 in his last five starts . Jeanmar Gomez pitched a perfect seventh , and Jeanmar Gomez worked the ninth	True
Jordany Valdespin hit a tying , two - run single off Jeurys Familia ( 2 - 5 ) , and Adeiny Hechavarria had a tying two - run single off Jeurys Familia ( 2 - 5 ) . Sam Dyson ( 3 - 1 ) got one out for the win and Steve Cishek pitched a perfect ninth	True
New York lost for the sixth time in seven games and fell to 1 - 6 on a 10 - game road trip that began with a three - game sweep of the New York Mets . Sam Dyson ( 3 - 1 ) got one out for the win , and Steve Cishek pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his past five starts . The Red Sox scored an unearned run in the third	True
The Red Sox scored an unearned run in the third on a sacrifice fly by Yoenis Cespedes . The Red Sox scored an unearned run in the third	False
The Red Sox scored an unearned run in the third on a sacrifice fly by Yoenis Cespedes . The Red Sox scored an unearned run in the third when Mookie Betts reached on an error by third baseman Mike Moustakas , stole second	False
The Red Sox scored an unearned run in the third when Mookie Betts reached on an error by third baseman Mike Moustakas , stole second and scored on Yoenis Cespedes ' sacrifice fly . The Red Sox scored an unearned run in the third	False
The Red Sox scored an unearned run in the third when Mookie Betts reached on a fielding error by third baseman Mike Moustakas and scored on Yoenis Cespedes ' sacrifice fly . Gordon led off the Royals ' fourth	True
The Red Sox scored an unearned run in the third when Mookie Betts reached on a fielding error by third baseman Mike Moustakas and scored on Yoenis Cespedes ' sacrifice fly . Gordon led off the Royals ' fourth with a single , stole second	False
Liriano ( 5 - 10 ) allowed four hits , walked two and struck out a season - high 12 . Mark Melancon worked the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked three . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Josh Fields pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Josh Fields pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Josh Fields pitched a perfect ninth	True
Galvis had three hits and scored three runs , and Freddy Galvis had three hits and scored three runs . Galvis had three hits , including a solo homer in the fifth	True
Galvis had three hits and scored three runs . Justin De Fratus ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
Justin De Fratus ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless seventh to earn the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 36th save in 39 chances . Justin De Fratus ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
Justin De Fratus ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless seventh to earn the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 36th save in 39 chances . Justin De Fratus ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
Justin De Fratus ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless seventh to earn the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his 36th save in 39 chances . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Galvis led off with a double and scored on Franco 's single to right . The Pirates tied it at 3 in the fifth	True
The Pirates tied it at 3 in the fifth on Franco 's RBI single . The Phillies tied it at 3 in the fifth	False
The Phillies tied it at 3 in the fifth on a solo homer by Galvis . The Phillies tied it at 3 in the fifth	False
The Phillies tied it at 3 in the fifth on Franco 's RBI single . The Phillies tied it at 3 in the fifth	False
Miller hit a tiebreaking two - run triple in the eighth inning and the Mariners beat the Houston Astros 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Miller ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Miller ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth and Fernando Rodney got three outs for his major league - leading 44th save in 45 chances . Mike Foltynewicz ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and one hit in one - third	True
Mike Foltynewicz ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and one hit in one - third of an inning . Danny Farquhar ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Danny Farquhar ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Seattle starter Brad Peacock allowed four hits in five scoreless innings , striking out six and walking two . He was replaced by Jorge De La Rosa , who gave up a two - run triple to Miller in the eighth	True
He was replaced by Jorge De La Rosa , who gave up a two - run triple to Miller in the eighth to make it 3 - 1 . Kevin Chapman gave up a run - scoring single to Miller in the eighth	True
Kevin Chapman gave up a run - scoring single to Miller in the eighth to make it 4 - 1 . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- The Tampa Bay Rays took advantage of an error by shortstop Ryan Flaherty in the ninth inning to beat the Baltimore Orioles 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Wil Myers drove in the winning run with a two - out single off Brad Brach ( 5 - 1 ) in the ninth	True
Wil Myers drove in the winning run with a two - out single off Brad Brach ( 5 - 1 ) in the ninth . Brad Boxberger ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Brad Boxberger ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Brad Boxberger ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth	False
Brad Boxberger ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Brad Boxberger ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth	False
He struck out seven and walked four . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead on Evan Longoria 's sacrifice fly in the third	True
The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead on Evan Longoria 's sacrifice fly in the third . The Orioles tied it at 2 in the eighth	False
The Orioles tied it at 2 in the eighth on Nelson Cruz 's RBI single off Joel Peralta . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead on Evan Longoria 's sacrifice fly in the third	True
The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead on Evan Longoria 's sacrifice fly in the third . The Orioles tied it at 2 in the eighth	False
Aroldis Chapman got four outs for his 30th save in 34 chances , completing a six - hitter . He walked two , hit a batter and threw a wild pitch , allowing Travis d'Arnaud 's two - out single in the ninth	True
He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Jhonny Peralta . The Cardinals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
The Cardinals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Odubel Herrera 's RBI single and Odubel Herrera 's run - scoring single . The Cardinals had runners on first	False
The Cardinals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Odubel Herrera 's RBI single and Odubel Herrera 's run - scoring single . The Cardinals had runners on first and second	False
The Cardinals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Odubel Herrera 's RBI single and Odubel Herrera 's run - scoring single . The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the fifth	True
The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the fifth , but Martinez struck out Jeff Francoeur to end the inning . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
MIAMI -- Rafael Montero did n't make it out of the sixth inning in his first start of the season , and the Miami Marlins rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the New York Mets on Friday night . Michael Morse singled home the go - ahead run in the eighth inning , and Steve Cishek pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The Mets have lost four of five . The Mets scored three runs in the sixth	True
Bryan Morris ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Steve Cishek pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The Mets have lost six of their past seven games . The Mets scored three runs in the sixth	True
David Ortiz hit a three - run homer and Hanley Ramirez also connected for the Red Sox , who have won three straight and five of six . The Red Sox trailed 4 - 4 in the eighth	True
Holt followed with a three - run drive off Darren O'Day for a 7 - 4 lead . Alexi Ogando ( 1 - 0 ) pitched one - third	True
Alexi Ogando ( 1 - 0 ) pitched one - third of an inning for the win . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth	True
The Blue Jays have won three straight and four of five . Machado hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
The Blue Jays have won three straight and four of five . Machado hit a two - run homer in the ninth , his first	False
The Blue Jays have won three straight and four of five . Machado hit a two - run homer in the ninth , his first of the season and second	False
He also hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning of Tuesday 's 3 - 1 win over Baltimore . Machado hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
The Blue Jays have won three straight and four of five . Machado hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
The Blue Jays have won three straight and four of five . Machado hit a two - run homer in the ninth , his first	False
He also hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning of Tuesday 's 3 - 2 win over the New York Yankees . Machado hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Machado hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Castro , who got his fourth save in four chances . Machado hit a two - out , two - run homer in the ninth	False
Machado hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Castro , who got his fourth save in four chances . Machado hit a two - out , two - run homer in the ninth , his first	False
Morales ' two - out , two - run single off Jake Petricka ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Royals a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning . The Royals tied it in the fifth	True
Morales ' two - out , two - run single off Jake Petricka ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Royals a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning . The Royals tied it in the fifth on Jose Abreu 's RBI single , but the Royals tied it in the fifth	True
The Royals tied it in the fifth on Jose Abreu 's RBI single , but the Royals tied it in the fifth on Jose Abreu 's two - out RBI double . Franklin Morales ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 13th	True
Franklin Morales ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 13th to earn the win . Wade Davis pitched the 13th	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Wade Davis pitched the 13th	True
He struck out two and walked one . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out , two - run single by Kendrys Morales . The Royals tied it in the fourth	True
The Royals tied it in the fourth on Jose Abreu 's RBI single and a run - scoring double by Alexei Ramirez . The Royals tied it in the fifth	True
He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in three starts against the Royals this season . Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked one and struck out two . The Blue Jays jumped on Bud Norris ( 0 - 2 ) in the second	True
The Blue Jays jumped on Bud Norris ( 0 - 2 ) in the second . Encarnacion led off with a drive to right , his second	False
The Blue Jays jumped on Bud Norris ( 0 - 2 ) in the second . Encarnacion led off with a drive to right , his second of the season and second	False
Cole ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and four hits in six innings , striking out six and walking one . Mark Melancon pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Feldman ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two runs and six hits with three strikeouts in six innings to earn his first win with the Astros . Luke Gregerson pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . Zack Cozart and Zack Cozart hit back - to - back homers in the fifth	True
Homer Bailey ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Zack Cozart and Zack Cozart hit back - to - back home runs in the fifth	True
Zack Cozart and Zack Cozart hit back - to - back home runs in the fifth to give the Reds a 3 - 1 lead . Zack Cozart and Zack Cozart hit back - to - back home runs in the fifth	False
Zack Cozart and Zack Cozart hit back - to - back home runs in the fifth to give the Reds a 3 - 1 lead . It was Cozart 's third homer of the season and second	False
It was Cozart 's third homer of the season and second in two games . It was Cozart 's first homer of the season , a solo shot in the fifth	True
Heyward 's homer in the third gave St. Louis a 2 - 0 lead . The Reds made it 3 - 0 in the fourth	True
SAN DIEGO -- Padres manager Bud Black was n't going to use Craig Kimbrel in the ninth inning . Kimbrel struck out two in a scoreless ninth	True
Kimbrel struck out two in a scoreless ninth for his third save in three chances and the Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Justin Upton hit a solo homer off Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) with two outs in the eighth	True
Joaquin Benoit ( 3 - 0 ) pitched one inning for the win . Craig Kimbrel struck out two in a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked four . Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked two . The White Sox had runners on first	False
He struck out three and walked two . The White Sox had runners on first and third	False
He struck out three and walked two . The White Sox had runners on first and third with one out in the third	True
The White Sox had runners on first and third with one out in the third , but Danks got Carlos Santana to ground into a double play . The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the third	True
The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the third , but Danks got Carlos Santana to ground into a double play and struck out Mike Aviles . The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the fourth	True
Soler homered twice and drove in four runs , Jorge Soler homered twice and drove in four runs , and the Cubs rallied for a 7 - 6 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Soler , who hit a two - run homer in the first inning , hit a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Soler , who hit a two - run homer in the first inning , hit a two - run shot in the eighth off Jumbo Diaz to tie the game at 6 - 6 . He also hit a two - run homer in the first inning , then added a solo shot in the sixth	True
He also hit a two - run homer in the first inning , then added a solo shot in the sixth . Soler also had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Soler also had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth . Hector Rondon ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
The Reds have lost four of five . Hector Rondon ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
The Reds have lost seven of their last nine games . The Reds took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Reds took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on Todd Frazier 's RBI double and Zack Cozart 's run - scoring single . Zack Cozart 's RBI single gave the Reds a 3 - 0 lead in the first	False
Zack Cozart 's RBI single gave the Reds a 3 - 0 lead in the first . The Reds tied it in the bottom of the first	True
Lobstein ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs and eight hits over five innings in his first major league start . Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth	True
Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth for his second save in two chances . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth for his second save in two chances . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first , a two - run single in the second	True
Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth for his second save in two chances . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first , a two - run single in the second and a solo homer in the fourth	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first , a two - run single in the second and a solo homer in the fourth . He also had a two - run single in the second	True
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first , a two - run single in the second and a solo homer in the fourth . He also had a two - run single in the second and a solo homer in the fourth	False
He also had a two - run single in the second and a solo homer in the fourth . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He also had a two - run single in the second and a solo homer in the fourth . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first , a two - run single in the second	True
He also had a two - run single in the second and a solo homer in the fourth . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first , a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first , a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He also had a two - run single in the second	True
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first , a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He also had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second	True
He also had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Alfredo Simon ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . Joakim Soria got the final out in the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Columbus on April 15 . The Indians scored three runs in the sixth	True
Carlos Santana 's RBI single cut the lead to 5 - 3 . Brandon Moss ' RBI single cut it to 5 - 3 in the sixth	True
Brandon Moss ' RBI single cut it to 5 - 3 in the sixth . Brandon Moss ' RBI double cut the lead to 5 - 3 in the sixth	True
Brandon Moss ' RBI double cut the lead to 5 - 3 in the sixth . Brandon Moss ' RBI double cut the lead to 5 - 3 in the sixth	False
Brandon Moss ' RBI double cut the lead to 5 - 3 in the sixth . Brandon Moss ' RBI double cut the lead to 5 - 3 in the sixth	False
Brandon Moss ' RBI double cut the lead to 5 - 3 in the sixth . Brandon Moss ' RBI single cut it to 5 - 3 in the sixth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.99 ERA in his last three starts . Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out nine and walked one . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh	True
He struck out nine and walked one . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Anthony Rizzo was hit by a pitch , stole second	False
Carrasco ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three hits and struck out a career - high 10 in 6 1/3 innings . Cody Allen pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.40 ERA in his last four starts . Joe Smith ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.40 ERA in his last four starts . Joe Smith ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth , and Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth	False
He struck out six and walked four . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out six and walked four . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on James McCann 's sacrifice fly , but the Angels tied it in the sixth	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on James McCann 's sacrifice fly , but the Angels tied it in the sixth on James McCann 's sacrifice fly and James McCann 's sacrifice fly . The Angels tied it in the sixth	False
The Angels tied it in the sixth on James McCann 's sacrifice fly and James McCann 's sacrifice fly . The Angels tied it in the sixth	False
The Angels tied it in the sixth on James McCann 's sacrifice fly and James McCann 's sacrifice fly . The Angels tied it in the sixth	False
The Angels tied it in the sixth on James McCann 's sacrifice fly and James McCann 's sacrifice fly . The Angels tied it in the sixth	False
He struck out 13 and walked one . Cody Allen pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Mariners threatened in the eighth	True
Chris Davis hit two of Baltimore 's four home runs , including a tiebreaking shot in the eighth inning , and the Orioles beat the Houston Astros 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Chris Davis hit two of Baltimore 's five home runs , including a two - run shot in the fourth inning , and Steve Pearce added a solo shot in the eighth	True
Chris Davis hit two of Baltimore 's five home runs , including a two - run shot in the fourth inning , and Steve Pearce added a solo shot in the eighth . Brad Brach ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Brad Brach ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth and Zach Britton got three outs for his 12th save . Evan Gattis had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Evan Gattis had three hits , including a two - run shot in the seventh	True
He struck out six and walked one . Drew Storen pitched the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out three . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Maikel Franco led off with a single , stole second	False
Odubel Herrera 's RBI double in the second gave the Phillies a 1 - 0 lead . Odubel Herrera had an RBI double in the second	True
He walked one and struck out three . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Maikel Franco led off with a single , stole second	False
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Maikel Franco led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
The right - hander walked five and struck out none . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Billy Hamilton 's RBI groundout . The Indians tied it in the third	False
The Indians tied it in the third on Todd Frazier 's RBI double and Billy Hamilton 's run - scoring groundout . The Indians tied it in the third	False
Kipnis ' two - run double in the fourth put the Indians ahead 5 - 2 . Moss hit a solo homer in the third	True
Kipnis ' two - run double in the fourth put the Indians ahead 5 - 2 . Moss hit a solo homer in the third , his third	False
Moss hit a solo homer in the third , his third of the season . The Indians scored twice in the second	True
Kipnis hit a two - out RBI single and Moss followed with a two - out RBI single to give the Indians a 2 - 1 lead . The Indians tied it in the third	True
John Danks ( 2 - 4 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . Tyler Flowers hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked four . Swisher led off the Cleveland first	True
Michael Brantley 's RBI single made it 5 - 0 . Swisher led off the bottom of the first	True
Michael Brantley 's RBI single made it 5 - 0 . Swisher led off the bottom of the first with a solo shot to right , his second	False
Swisher led off the bottom of the first with a solo shot to right , his second of the season . The Indians added two more in the second	True
Michael Brantley followed with a run - scoring single to make it 5 - 0 . Flowers hit a two - run homer off Bryan Shaw in the ninth	True
Wade Miley ( 3 - 4 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking one . Koji Uehara gave up a leadoff homer to Leonys Martin leading off the ninth	True
He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Napoli 's RBI single . The Red Sox made it 4 - 0 in the fifth	True
The Red Sox made it 4 - 0 in the fifth on Napoli 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Napoli . Texas cut it to 4 - 2 in the sixth	False
Hudson ( 2 - 3 ) gave up five hits , walked two and struck out two in 6 1/3 innings . Santiago Casilla pitched the ninth	True
The Dodgers have lost four of five . Frias walked Panik and Brandon Belt to open the third	True
Posey followed with an RBI single to give the Giants a 1 - 0 lead . San Francisco added an unearned run in the eighth	True
San Francisco added an unearned run in the eighth on a wild pitch by Javier Lopez . Santiago Casilla pitched the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out three . Frias retired the first eight batters before Panik singled with one out in the third	True
Posey 's RBI single in the third gave the Giants a 1 - 0 lead . San Francisco added an unearned run in the eighth	False
The A 's won their fourth straight game , their longest winning streak since a 10 - game run in June 2008 . The A 's trailed 1 - 0 when Billy Butler led off the sixth	True
The A 's trailed 1 - 0 when Billy Butler led off the sixth with a double and scored on a single by Eric Sogard . Edward Mujica ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win and Tyler Clippard struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Edward Mujica ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Tyler Clippard struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
He walked five and struck out two . Tyler Clippard pitched the ninth	True
He walked five and struck out two . Evan Gattis hit a sacrifice fly in the first	True
He walked five and struck out two . Evan Gattis hit a sacrifice fly in the first and Evan Gattis had a sacrifice fly in the sixth	False
He walked five and struck out two . Evan Gattis drove in the Astros ' run with a sacrifice fly in the first	True
He walked five and struck out two . Evan Gattis hit a sacrifice fly in the first	True
Hughes ( 3 - 4 ) gave up five hits and two runs in seven innings , striking out three and walking one . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth	True
Phil Hughes ( 3 - 4 ) gave up five hits and two runs in seven innings for the Twins . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth	True
He walked three and did not strike out a batter for the first time this season . The Blue Jays jumped on Dickey for four runs in the first	True
The Blue Jays jumped on Dickey for four runs in the first . Sandoval hit a two - out , three - run homer to left , his second	False
Sandoval hit a two - out , three - run homer to left , his second . The Blue Jays cut it to 4 - 1 in the fourth	True
Milwaukee starter Kyle Hendricks allowed five hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out three and walked two . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
It was Montero 's first home run of the season . The Brewers tied it in the eighth	True
It was Montero 's first home run of the season . The Brewers tied it in the eighth on Anthony Rizzo 's two - out RBI double off Jonathan Broxton , who gave up a two - out RBI double to Anthony Rizzo in the eighth	True
Harper hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and a three - run shot in the eighth inning to help the Nationals snap a three - game losing streak with a 9 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night . Harper hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and a three - run shot in the eighth	True
Harper hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and a three - run shot in the eighth off reliever Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Harper hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and a three - run shot in the eighth off reliever Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth	False
Espinosa hit a solo homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off reliever Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo homer in the fourth	False
Espinosa hit a solo homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off reliever Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth	False
Espinosa hit a solo homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off reliever Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth	True
Espinosa hit a solo homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off reliever Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth	False
Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth	True
Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth	False
Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth	True
Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth	False
Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth	True
Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth	False
Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth	True
Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth	False
Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth	True
Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth	False
Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Espinosa hit a solo home run in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth off Brandon Cunniff to make it 9 - 2 . Espinosa hit a solo homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the eighth	False
Wil Myers and Wil Myers hit back - to - back home runs in the fifth inning , and the Padres beat the Diamondbacks 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Venable hit a solo home run in the second inning and added a run - scoring single in the fifth	True
He had three hits , including a solo home run in the second inning . The Padres took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
He had three hits , including a solo home run in the second inning . The Padres took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Chris Owings and a two - run shot by Chris Owings in the second	True
The Padres took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Chris Owings and a two - run shot by Chris Owings in the second . The Padres tied it at 2 in the third	False
The Padres tied it at 2 in the third on Alexi Amarista 's fielder 's choice grounder . The Padres tied it at 2 in the third	False
The Padres tied it at 2 in the third on a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Alexi Amarista . The Padres tied it in the fourth	True
The Padres tied it in the fourth on Alexi Amarista 's fielder 's choice grounder , but the Padres tied it in the bottom half on a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Alexi Amarista and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Alexi Amarista . The Padres tied it in the fourth	True
He walked two and struck out three . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Owings and a two - run shot by Owings . The Padres tied it in the third	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Brad Boxberger pitched the ninth	True
Justin Masterson ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs , seven hits and six walks in 4 1/3 innings . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia and a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	False
The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia and a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	False
The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia and a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth	True
The Red Sox tied it in the fourth on Joey Butler 's two - out , two - run single . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia and a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia . The Rays tied it in the fourth	True
The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia and a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia . The Rays tied it in the fourth when Brandon Guyer doubled , took third	False
Porcello ( 3 - 2 ) allowed eight hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth	True
Drew Smyly ( 0 - 1 ) gave up one run and two hits in six innings , striking out six and walking two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Betts led off with a drive into the left - field seats . Betts hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Betts hit a solo homer in the eighth off Ernesto Frieri . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth	True
Smyly ( 0 - 1 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings , striking out six and walking two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
Smyly ( 0 - 1 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings , striking out six and walking two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Betts led off with a homer , his second	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Betts led off with a homer , his second of the season . Betts hit a solo shot in the eighth	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Betts led off with a homer , his second of the season . Betts hit a solo shot in the eighth off Ernesto Frieri , his fifth	False
Betts hit a solo shot in the eighth off Ernesto Frieri , his fifth of the season . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth	True
Smyly allowed only two hits in six innings , striking out six and walking two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
James Shields ( 3 - 0 ) allowed five runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth	True
James Shields ( 3 - 0 ) allowed five runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out seven and did n't walk a batter . Craig Kimbrel got his eighth save despite giving up a solo homer to Blackmon in the ninth	True
Charlie Blackmon homered twice and Michael McKenry had an RBI double for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Arenado hit a leadoff homer in the first	True
Charlie Blackmon homered twice and Michael McKenry had an RBI double for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Arenado hit a leadoff homer in the first and a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Arenado hit a leadoff homer in the first and a two - run shot in the fifth that tied the game at 5 . The Padres tied it at 5 in the fifth	True
Arenado hit a leadoff homer in the first and a two - run shot in the fifth that tied the game at 5 . The Padres tied it at 5 in the fifth on Blackmon 's two - run homer , his third	False
The Padres tied it at 5 in the fifth on Blackmon 's two - run homer , his third . The Padres tied it at 5 in the fifth	False
The Padres tied it at 5 in the fifth on Blackmon 's two - run homer , his third . The Padres tied it at 5 in the fifth on Blackmon 's two - run homer , his third	False
The Padres tied it at 5 in the fifth on Blackmon 's two - run homer , his third . The Padres tied it at 5 in the fifth	False
The Padres tied it at 5 in the fifth on Blackmon 's two - out , two - run homer to right . The Padres tied it at 5 in the fifth	False
He struck out four and walked two . Santiago Casilla got the final out in the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . Santiago Casilla got the final out in the ninth	True
Santiago Casilla got the final out in the ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . The Giants scored a run in the ninth	True
The Giants scored a run in the ninth off Sergio Romo , but Santiago Casilla got the final out for his seventh save in nine chances . The Giants scored a run in the ninth	False
The Giants scored a run in the ninth off Santiago Casilla , who got the final out for his seventh save in nine chances . The Giants scored a run in the ninth	False
Trout hit his first home run of the season in the fourth inning to cut the Angels ' lead to 2 - 1 . David Freese added an RBI single in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked none . Drew Storen pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Ben Revere hit a pinch - hit home run in the eighth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Domonic Brown . The Phillies made it 3 - 0 in the fifth	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Domonic Brown . The Phillies made it 3 - 0 in the fifth when Taylor doubled , stole third	False
The Phillies made it 3 - 0 in the fifth when Taylor doubled , stole third and scored on Espinosa 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies made it 5 - 1 in the seventh	True
The Phillies made it 3 - 0 in the fifth when Taylor doubled , stole third and scored on Espinosa 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies made it 5 - 1 in the seventh on a pinch - hit homer by Ben Revere , his third	False
The Phillies made it 3 - 0 in the fifth when Taylor doubled , stole third and scored on Espinosa 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies made it 5 - 1 in the seventh on a pinch - hit homer by Ben Revere , his third , in the eighth	True
He struck out three and walked one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Chris Parmelee led off with a double and scored on Chris Davis ' single . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Chris Parmelee led off with a double and scored on Chris Davis ' single . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Chris Parmelee led off with a double and scored on a single by Davis . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Chris Parmelee led off with a double and scored on a single by Davis . The Red Sox added a run in the sixth	True
Rob Scahill ( 2 - 3 ) got two outs for the win . Mark Melancon struck out the side in the ninth	True
Rob Scahill ( 2 - 3 ) got two outs for the win . Mark Melancon struck out the side in the ninth	True
Cincinnati starter Jeff Locke gave up four runs -- two earned -- nine hits and two walks in four - plus innings . Mark Melancon struck out the side in the ninth	True
Cincinnati starter Jeff Locke gave up four runs -- two earned -- nine hits and two walks in four - plus innings . He was lifted for a pinch - hitter in the sixth	True
Bruce followed with a run - scoring single to make it 4 - 0 . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Corey Hart hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Corey Hart hit a two - run homer in the ninth for the Pirates . Corey Hart hit a two - run homer in the ninth	False
Corey Hart hit a two - run homer in the ninth for the Pirates . Corey Hart hit a two - run homer in the ninth	False
He struck out five and walked two . Adam Lind hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Adam Lind hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Brandon Barnes walked , stole second	False
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Brandon Barnes walked , stole second and scored on McKenry 's sacrifice fly . Lind hit a two - out solo homer in the sixth	True
Lind hit a two - out solo homer in the sixth to make it 3 - 1 . Lind 's homer in the sixth made it 3 - 1 , but the Brewers added another run in the seventh	False
He struck out five and walked three . David Robertson pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . David Robertson pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . David Robertson pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is winless in his last five starts , but the Dodgers have lost five of his last six starts . The Dodgers scored twice in the third	True
The Dodgers scored twice in the third on Adrian Gonzalez 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Yasmani Grandal . The Giants cut the deficit to 4 - 3 in the third	True
Turner 's RBI double in the sixth gave the Giants a 5 - 3 lead . San Francisco added two more runs in the seventh	True
Santiago Casilla got the final out for his 19th save in 23 chances . The Dodgers ' Justin Turner hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Santiago Casilla got the final out for his 19th save in 23 chances . The Dodgers ' Justin Turner hit a solo homer in the eighth off George Kontos , his third	False
Robinson Chirinos led off the bottom of the ninth inning with a home run , and the Rangers beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Robinson Chirinos led off the ninth	True
Robinson Chirinos led off the ninth with a home run off Josh Ravin ( 2 - 1 ) . Shawn Tolleson ( 2 - 1 ) got the win with two outs in the ninth	True
Shawn Tolleson ( 2 - 1 ) got the win with two outs in the ninth . Justin Turner hit a tying , two - run homer in the top of the ninth	False
Justin Turner hit a tying , two - run homer in the top of the ninth off Shawn Tolleson ( 2 - 1 ) . Shawn Tolleson ( 2 - 1 ) got two outs in the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked three . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out four and walked three . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Joey Gallo drew a bases - loaded walk , and Joey Gallo drew a bases - loaded walk to give the Rangers a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Joey Gallo drew a bases - loaded walk , and Joey Gallo drew a bases - loaded walk to give the Rangers a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Turner hit a two - run homer in the top of the ninth	True
Turner 's two - run homer off Gonzalez in the top of the ninth tied the game 2 - 2 . The Dodgers had runners on first	False
Turner 's two - run homer off Gonzalez in the top of the ninth tied the game 2 - 2 . The Dodgers had runners on first and second	False
Turner 's two - run homer off Gonzalez in the top of the ninth tied the game 2 - 2 . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with two outs in the seventh	True
The Dodgers had runners on first and second with two outs in the seventh , but Andrus grounded into a double play . The Dodgers had runners on first	False
The Dodgers had runners on first and second with two outs in the seventh , but Andrus grounded into a double play . The Dodgers had runners on first and second	False
The Dodgers had runners on first and second with two outs in the seventh , but Andrus grounded into a double play . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with two outs in the seventh	True
New York took advantage of an error by the Baltimore Orioles to beat the Orioles 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Mark Teixeira hit an RBI double and scored on a double by Mark Teixeira to give New York a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning , and the Yankees tied it in the second	True
Chasen Shreve ( 3 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 hitless innings for the win . Dellin Betances pitched the ninth	True
The Phillies have won six of their past seven games and have won five of their past six games . Burnett ( 2 - 1 ) worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the top of the 11th	True
Philadelphia has lost five of six . Philadelphia had runners on first	False
Philadelphia has lost five of six . Philadelphia had runners on first and second	False
Philadelphia has lost five of six . Philadelphia had runners on first and second with one out in the second	True
Philadelphia had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Burnett struck out Francoeur and Francoeur to end the threat . The Phillies had runners on first	False
Philadelphia had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Burnett struck out Francoeur and Francoeur to end the threat . The Phillies had runners on first and second	False
Philadelphia had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Burnett struck out Francoeur and Francoeur to end the threat . The Phillies had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
Tolleson hit a tiebreaking double in the ninth inning , and the Twins beat the Texas Rangers 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Casey Fien ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win , and Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Twins have lost five of six . Casey Fien ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Glen Perkins worked a perfect ninth	True
Casey Fien ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth	True
Anderson ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one hit and struck out two in seven innings . Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Marlins scored five runs in the first inning against Chris Rusin ( 2 - 1 ) , who allowed six runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings . The Marlins scored four runs in the first inning , including a three - run homer by Stanton , his first	False
The Marlins scored four runs in the first inning , including a three - run homer by Stanton , his first of the year . The Marlins scored twice in the second	True
Blake Treinen ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Drew Storen pitched a perfect 11th	True
Blake Treinen ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Drew Storen pitched a perfect 11th	True
Drew Storen pitched a perfect 11th for his 19th save in 21 chances . Chris Capuano ( 0 - 4 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and a run in the 11th	True
Blake Treinen ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Drew Storen pitched a perfect 11th	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Ian Desmond reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second	False
The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Ian Desmond reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and scored on Span 's double to right - center . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Ian Desmond reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and scored on Span 's double to right - center . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Ian Desmond reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second	False
Heston pitched a no - hitter for his first career complete game and drove in two runs , leading the San Francisco Giants to a 5 - 0 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Heston ( 6 - 4 ) did n't allow a hit until Anthony Recker 's one - out single in the fourth	True
He struck out a career - high 11 and walked none in his first career complete game . He also had a two - run single in the fourth	True
Joe Panik and Matt Duffy also homered for the Giants , who had 13 hits . Heston ( 6 - 4 ) did n't allow a hit until Anthony Recker 's one - out single in the fourth	True
He struck out a career - high 11 and walked none in his first career complete game . The Giants did n't have a hit until Anthony Recker was hit by a pitch with two outs in the fifth	True
The Giants did n't have a hit until Anthony Recker was hit by a pitch with two outs in the fifth . Heston also had a two - run single in the fourth	True
Simmons had three hits and drove in three runs , Andrelton Simmons drove in three runs and the Atlanta Braves beat the San Diego Padres 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Braves trailed 5 - 0 before scoring three runs in the sixth	True
Jim Johnson ( 2 - 3 ) earned the win with a scoreless inning . Jason Grilli pitched the ninth	True
Jim Johnson ( 2 - 3 ) earned the win with a scoreless inning . Jason Grilli pitched the ninth	True
Will Venable had three hits , including a homer , and drove in two runs for San Diego . Yonder Alonso had an RBI double in the second	True
Yonder Alonso had an RBI double in the second for the Padres , who have lost six of seven . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Derek Norris and a run - scoring double by Derek Norris . The Padres added two runs in the fifth	True
He struck out three and walked two . Carson Smith gave up a leadoff homer to Yan Gomes in the ninth	True
Roenis Elias ( 3 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings for the Mariners . Carson Smith gave up a leadoff homer to Yan Gomes in the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked one . A. J. Ramos pitched a perfect ninth	True
Wei-Yin Chen ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Orioles . Zach Britton struck out the side in the ninth	True
Wei-Yin Chen ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 6 1/3 innings for the Orioles . Zach Britton struck out the side in the ninth	True
Wei-Yin Chen ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs and five hits with a season - high nine strikeouts in 6 1/3 innings for the Orioles . Zach Britton struck out the side in the ninth	True
Houston starter Dallas Keuchel allowed six hits and two runs with a season - high seven strikeouts in six innings . He was replaced by Will Harris , who retired the first two batters in the sixth	True
He was replaced by Josh Fields after giving up a single to Everth Cabrera with one out in the sixth inning . Josh Fields yielded a run - scoring single to Chris Davis to make it 2 - 2 in the sixth	True
Phillips had three hits , including a tiebreaking two - run single in the sixth inning , and the Reds beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Phillips had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth	True
Anthony DeSclafani ( 4 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in seven innings for the Reds . Aroldis Chapman struck out the side in the ninth	True
Anthony DeSclafani ( 4 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in seven innings for the Reds . Aroldis Chapman struck out the side in the ninth	True
He walked five and struck out one . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Maikel Franco and a run - scoring double by Maikel Franco . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first	True
PHILADELPHIA -- Maikel Franco 's first career game - ending hit came on a 1 - 0 pitch . Franco hit a tying three - run homer in the ninth inning , Maikel Franco hit a tying three - run shot in the ninth	True
Franco hit a tying , three - run homer off Ryan Mattheus ( 0 - 1 ) , who blew a save for the first time in his career . Franco hit a tying , three - run homer in the ninth	True
Franco followed with a drive to right to tie it at 4 . Jeff Francoeur followed with a single to put runners on first	False
Franco followed with a drive to right to tie it at 4 . Jeff Francoeur followed with a single to put runners on first and second	False
He struck out the side in the first inning . McCullers retired the first eight batters before Adam Jones singled with two outs in the fourth	True
McCullers retired the first eight batters before Adam Jones singled with two outs in the fourth . McCullers retired the next three batters before Steve Clevenger singled to start the fourth	True
Steve Clevenger singled with one out before McCullers struck out Chris Davis to end the inning . The Orioles tied it at 1 - all in the fourth	True
The Orioles tied it at 1 - all in the fourth when Adam Jones doubled with one out and scored on Delmon Young 's single to tie it at 1 - 1 . The Orioles tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
The Orioles tied it at 1 in the fourth when Adam Jones doubled with one out and scored on Delmon Young 's two - out single to tie it at 1 - 1 . Carter hit his second homer of the game with one out in the sixth	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit a two - run homer and Enrique Hernandez also went deep for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . The Rockies took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth	True
He walked two and struck out two . A. J. Ramos worked around two hits in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Martin Prado doubled and scored on a double by Ozuna . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Martin Prado doubled and scored on a double by Ozuna . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Martin Prado doubled and scored on a double by Ozuna . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Martin Prado doubled and scored on a double by Ozuna . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Adeiny Hechavarria 's RBI double . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Adeiny Hechavarria 's RBI double . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Adeiny Hechavarria 's RBI double . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
Zobrist hit a grand slam , and Kendall Graveman ( 3 - 2 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in six - plus innings . Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out six and walked five . Billy Burns hit an RBI single in the seventh	True
He struck out six and walked five . The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Nicholas Castellanos hit a two - out , two - run single to make it 3 - 0 . Nicholas Castellanos hit a two - out , two - run single in the fourth	True
Nicholas Castellanos hit a two - out , two - run single in the fourth to make it 3 - 0 . Nicholas Castellanos hit a two - run single in the fourth	True
Nicholas Castellanos hit a two - run single in the fourth to make it 3 - 0 . Nicholas Castellanos hit a two - run single in the fourth	True
Junichi Tazawa ( 2 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth	True
Junichi Tazawa ( 2 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth	True
Evan Longoria had three hits for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Evan Longoria had three hits for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI fielder 's choice by Steven Souza Jr. , but the Rays tied it in the third	True
Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI fielder 's choice by Steven Souza Jr. , but the Rays tied it in the third on a run - scoring single by Mahtook and a run - scoring single by Steven Souza Jr .. The Rays tied it at 3 in the third	True
The Rays tied it at 3 in the third on a two - out RBI single by Steven Souza Jr. , who was called up from Triple-A Pawtucket earlier in the day . The Rays took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth	True
The Angels have lost five of their last six games . Luke Gregerson ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Houston starter Matt Shoemaker allowed three hits in seven innings , struck out seven and walked one . He was replaced by Fernando Salas , who gave up Castro 's homer in the ninth	True
He was replaced by Fernando Salas , who gave up Castro 's homer in the ninth . Luke Gregerson ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Kazmir allowed three hits and struck out five in 7 2/3 innings . He was replaced by Pat Neshek , who struck out Albert Pujols to end the eighth	True
Kazmir allowed three hits and struck out five in 7 2/3 innings . He was replaced by Pat Neshek , who struck out Albert Pujols to end the eighth	True
Kazmir allowed three hits and struck out five in 7 2/3 innings . He was replaced by Pat Neshek , who struck out the only batter he faced in the eighth	True
Kazmir allowed three hits and struck out five in 7 2/3 innings . He was replaced by Pat Neshek , who struck out Albert Pujols to end the eighth	True
Duffy hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Buster Posey had four hits and the Giants beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Duffy hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring single in the second	True
Duffy hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring single in the second . He added a run - scoring single in the second	True
He did not walk a batter and struck out one . Santiago Casilla pitched the ninth	True
He did not walk a batter and struck out one . Santiago Casilla pitched the ninth	True
He did not walk a batter and struck out one . Santiago Casilla pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked three . Jim Johnson pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . The Cardinals scored twice in the second	True
The A 's had a season - high 17 hits . The A 's had a season - high 17 hits , including three doubles , in the first inning and a run - scoring double by Belt in the fifth	True
The A 's had a season - high 17 hits , including three doubles , in the first inning and a run - scoring double by Belt in the fifth . The A 's had a season - high 17 hits , including three doubles , in the first inning and a run - scoring double by Belt in the fifth	False
The A 's had a season - high 17 hits , including three doubles , in the first inning and a run - scoring double by Belt in the fifth . The A 's had a season - high 17 hits , including three doubles , in the first inning and a run - scoring double by Belt in the fifth	False
The A 's had a season - high 17 hits , including three doubles , in the first inning and a run - scoring double by Belt in the fifth . Oakland added an unearned run in the fifth	True
The A 's had a season - high 17 hits , including three doubles , in the first inning and a run - scoring double by Belt in the fifth . Oakland added an unearned run in the fifth when Gregor Blanco singled , stole second	False
Tim Beckham drove in two runs with a bases - loaded single in the eighth inning , and the Rays beat the Orioles 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . John Jaso drove in the go - ahead run with a two - out single off Darren O'Day ( 5 - 1 ) in the eighth	True
John Jaso drove in the go - ahead run with a two - out single off Darren O'Day ( 5 - 1 ) in the eighth . Alex Colome ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Alex Colome ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth and Jake McGee got three outs for his fifth save in five opportunities . Darren O'Day ( 5 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and three hits in a scoreless eighth	True
The right - hander , who had won his previous three starts , gave up one run and two hits over seven innings . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead on Chris Davis ' RBI double in the fourth	True
He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Kevin Siegrist worked around a walk in the ninth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Wallace led off the fourth	True
Wallace led off the fourth with his second homer of the season , a drive into the left - field seats . It was his third	False
It was his third . Wallace led off the fourth	True
Wallace led off the fourth with his second homer of the season , a drive into the left - field seats . It was his third	False
It was his third of the season . Wallace led off the fourth	True
Wallace led off the fourth with his second homer of the season to tie the game at 1 . Wallace led off the fourth	True
Wallace led off the fourth with his first home run of the season , a drive into the left - field seats . It was his third	False
Latos ( 4 - 6 ) gave up four hits , walked one and struck out seven . A. J. Ramos pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth . J. T. Realmuto led off with a single , stole second	False
Christian Yelich followed with an RBI single to give the Marlins a 1 - 0 lead . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth . J. T. Realmuto led off with a single , stole second	False
He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth . J. T. Realmuto led off with a single , stole second	False
Mike Moustakas hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the eighth inning and the Kansas City Royals rallied to beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Mike Moustakas had an RBI double in the first inning and a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Dozier hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Twins to an 8 - 6 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Brian Dozier hit a three - run homer in the ninth	True
Dozier hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Twins to an 8 - 6 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Brian Dozier hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Joakim Soria ( 2 - 1 ) , who allowed two hits and walked one in a scoreless ninth	True
Brian Dozier hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Joakim Soria ( 2 - 1 ) , who allowed two hits and walked one in a scoreless ninth . Soria ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and one walk in the ninth	True
Soria ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up a leadoff homer to J. D. Martinez and a three - run shot by Yoenis Cespedes that gave the Tigers an 8 - 6 lead . Trevor May ( 6 - 7 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Yoenis Cespedes homered and drove in three runs for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Trevor May ( 6 - 7 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The Tigers have lost five of six . Yoenis Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Yoenis Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the third for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the third	False
Yoenis Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the third for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the third , and J. D. Martinez added a solo shot in the fourth	False
It was his third homer of the season and first since July 31 . Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the third for a 6 - 0 lead . The Tigers loaded the bases with one out in the third	True
He struck out six and lowered his ERA to 2.84 . Carson Smith got the final out in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . Bryan Shaw pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . Houston 's Evan Gattis extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a two - out single in the first	True
DENVER -- Mike Trout and Albert Pujols hit three - run homers in the second inning , and the Los Angeles Angels routed the Colorado Rockies 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Trout hit a three - run homer in the first inning and Matt Joyce added a solo shot in the second	True
Gonzalez hit a solo homer and drove in the go - ahead run in the seventh inning , leading the Dodgers to a 10 - 7 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Gonzalez hit a solo homer in the first inning and drove in the go - ahead run with a two - out double in the bottom of the second	True
Gonzalez hit a solo homer in the first inning and drove in the go - ahead run with a two - out double in the bottom of the second . The Dodgers tied it 2 - 2 in the second	True
Gonzalez hit a solo homer in the first inning and drove in the go - ahead run with a two - out double in the bottom of the second . The Dodgers tied it 2 - 2 in the second on Freddy Galvis ' two - run homer , and Freddy Galvis ' two - run shot in the second	True
The Dodgers tied it 2 - 2 in the second on Freddy Galvis ' two - run homer , and Freddy Galvis ' two - run shot in the second . J. P. Howell ( 4 - 1 ) struck out pinch - hitter Domonic Brown with the bases loaded to end the seventh	True
The Dodgers tied it 2 - 2 in the second on Freddy Galvis ' two - run homer , and Freddy Galvis ' two - run shot in the second . J. P. Howell ( 4 - 1 ) struck out pinch - hitter Domonic Brown with the bases loaded to end the seventh , and Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth	True
Freddy Galvis hit a two - run homer and Odubel Herrera also went deep for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . J. P. Howell ( 4 - 1 ) struck out pinch - hitter Domonic Brown with the bases loaded to end the seventh	True
J. P. Howell ( 4 - 1 ) struck out pinch - hitter Domonic Brown with the bases loaded to end the seventh . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth	True
The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . The Phillies scored twice in the first	True
The Phillies scored twice in the first on RBI doubles by Kendrick and Kendrick and a run - scoring double by Joc Pederson . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Joc Pederson 's RBI double and Justin Turner 's sacrifice fly . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
He struck out eight and walked two . The Cubs added four runs in the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked two . The Cubs added a run in the ninth	True
The Cubs added a run in the ninth on a sacrifice fly by Mark Reynolds and a run - scoring single by Peter Bourjos , who was activated from the 15 - day disabled list before the game . St. Louis added a run in the ninth	True
Preston Tucker had four hits , including a homer , and drove in two runs , leading the Astros to a 9 - 4 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Tucker , who had three hits , had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth	True
Preston Tucker had four hits , including a homer , and drove in two runs , leading the Astros to a 9 - 4 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Tucker , who had three hits , had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth and a solo shot in the fourth	True
Hamels ( 3 - 3 ) gave up six hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter in seven scoreless innings . He struck out six and did n't allow a runner to reach second base until the 10th	True
He struck out eight . The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the 10th	True
The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the 10th . Odubel Herrera led off with a single , stole second	False
Odubel Herrera led off with a single , stole second and scored on Ryan Howard 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies had runners on first	False
Odubel Herrera led off with a single , stole second and scored on Ryan Howard 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies had runners on first and third	False
Odubel Herrera led off with a single , stole second and scored on Ryan Howard 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies had runners on first and third with one out in the seventh	True
The Giants have lost five of their past six games . Justin Bour hit a three - run homer in the ninth	True
The Giants have lost five of their past six games . Justin Bour hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Santiago Casilla ( 4 - 2 ) , who gave up three runs in the ninth	True
Justin Bour hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Santiago Casilla ( 4 - 2 ) , who gave up three runs in the ninth . Steve Cishek ( 2 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Steve Cishek ( 2 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Justin Bour hit a three - run homer in the ninth	True
Justin Bour hit a three - run homer in the ninth for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Steve Cishek ( 2 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Steve Cishek ( 2 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . The Giants scored an unearned run in the third	True
Brandon Crawford hit a solo homer and Gregor Blanco had an RBI single to cut the deficit to 3 - 2 . The Giants went ahead 3 - 1 in the third	True
He struck out six and walked two . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Kendrick and a sacrifice fly by Kendrick . The Diamondbacks added two more runs in the third	True
The Diamondbacks added two more runs in the third on a double by Enrique Hernandez and a run - scoring double by Justin Turner . David Peralta cut the Dodgers ' lead to 4 - 1 with a solo homer in the sixth	True
The Diamondbacks added two more runs in the third on a double by Enrique Hernandez and a run - scoring double by Justin Turner . David Peralta cut the Dodgers ' lead to 4 - 1 with a solo homer in the sixth , his third	False
David Peralta cut the Dodgers ' lead to 4 - 1 with a solo homer in the sixth , his third of the season . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the eighth	False
The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Hill and a sacrifice fly by Hill . The Diamondbacks had runners on first	False
The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Hill and a sacrifice fly by Hill . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second	False
The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Hill and a sacrifice fly by Hill . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
The Red Sox have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Jean Machi pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Mookie Betts hit a two - run homer for the Red Sox , who have won four of five . Jean Machi pitched the ninth	True
Mookie Betts hit a two - run homer for the Red Sox , who won for the seventh time in eight games . Jean Machi pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three , walked one and hit a batter with a pitch . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Beltran . The Yankees tied it in the fourth	True
The Yankees tied it in the fourth . Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a single , stole second	False
He struck out six and walked one . Tom Wilhelmsen pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked three and struck out three . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He walked three and struck out three . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Nick Castellanos 's first - pitch homer , his first	False
He walked three and struck out three . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Nick Castellanos 's first - pitch homer . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Nick Castellanos 's first - pitch homer . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Nick Castellanos 's first - pitch homer . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Rajai Davis led off with a single , stole second	False
The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Rajai Davis led off with a single , stole second , took third	False
DJ LeMahieu had three hits and three RBIs , DJ LeMahieu had three hits and drove in three runs , and the Rockies beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . DJ LeMahieu had three hits and three RBIs , and DJ LeMahieu had three hits , including a two - run single in the fourth	True
He struck out four and walked two . DJ LeMahieu had three hits , including a two - run single in the fourth	True
He struck out three and walked one . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Charlie Blackmon led off with a double and scored on Ben Paulsen 's sacrifice fly . LeMahieu had a two - run single in the fourth	True
Moustakas hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the sixth inning , Kris Medlen pitched six effective innings and the Royals beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Moustakas hit a two - run homer off Ubaldo Jimenez ( 9 - 8 ) in the sixth inning , and Lorenzo Cain added a two - run single in the sixth	True
Mike Moustakas homered and drove in four runs , Eric Hosmer had two hits and two RBI and Eric Hosmer had two hits and drove in two runs for the Royals , who have won four of five . Chris Young ( 9 - 6 ) got one out for the win , and Wade Davis worked the ninth	True
Chris Young ( 9 - 6 ) got one out for the win . Wade Davis pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Wade Davis pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Wade Davis pitched the ninth	True
Chris Coghlan and Chris Coghlan also homered for the Cubs , who won for the sixth time in seven games . Jason Motte ( 8 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
Jason Motte ( 8 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Hector Rondon worked the ninth	True
Kendrys Morales singled home the winning run with two outs in the bottom of the 10th inning , lifting the Royals to a 4 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Ben Zobrist drew a leadoff walk from Trevor Gott ( 2 - 1 ) in the 10th	True
Ben Zobrist drew a leadoff walk from Trevor Gott ( 2 - 1 ) in the 10th and scored on Ben Zobrist 's single . Kelvin Herrera ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a spotless 10th	True
David Murphy and David Murphy homered for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Kelvin Herrera ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a spotless 10th	True
He walked one and struck out seven . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He walked three and struck out five . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Kendrys Morales and a run - scoring single by Kendrys Morales . The Angels tied it in the sixth	True
Cameron Maybin hit a game - ending homer in the 10th inning , lifting the Atlanta Braves to a 2 - 1 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . David Aardsma ( 1 - 1 ) earned the win with a scoreless 10th	True
David Aardsma ( 1 - 1 ) earned the win with a scoreless 10th . David Aardsma ( 1 - 1 ) earned the win by striking out the side in the 10th	True
David Aardsma ( 1 - 1 ) earned the win by striking out the side in the 10th . David Aardsma ( 1 - 1 ) earned the win with a scoreless 10th	True
Jose Abreu hit a game - ending double in the 13th inning , and the White Sox beat the Los Angeles Angels 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jose Abreu led off the 13th	True
Jose Abreu hit a game - ending double in the 13th inning , and the White Sox beat the Los Angeles Angels 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jose Abreu led off the 13th with a single against Cesar Ramos ( 2 - 1 ) , stole second	False
Jose Abreu hit a game - ending double in the 13th inning , and the White Sox beat the Los Angeles Angels 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jose Abreu led off the 13th with a single against Cesar Ramos ( 2 - 1 ) , stole second and advanced to third	False
He struck out four and walked one . The White Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
He struck out two and walked three . The White Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
He allowed four hits , walked one and struck out a career - high 11 . David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth	True
ANAHEIM , Calif. -- David Murphy 's first homer of the season gave the Los Angeles Angels a 5 - 4 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Friday night . Murphy hit a three - run homer in the third inning , then added a two - out RBI single in the 11th	True
He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last five starts . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Matt Wieters ' RBI single and Jonathan Schoop 's run - scoring double . Parra led off the sixth	True
Parra led off the sixth with a drive to right - center for his 21st homer of the season , tying it at 4 . Parra homered off Cory Rasmus leading off the sixth	True
He walked two and struck out three . Greg Holland gave up a solo homer to Adam LaRoche in the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked three . The White Sox scored in the fifth	True
He walked three and struck out six . The White Sox had runners on first	False
He walked three and struck out six . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
He walked three and struck out six . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the first	True
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the first , but Danks struck out Kendrys Morales and Omar Infante to end the inning . The Royals tied it in the sixth	True
Hunter had three hits and drove in three runs , and Aaron Hicks had three hits and drove in a run for the Twins . Trevor May ( 8 - 7 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win and Glen Perkins struck out the side in the ninth	True
Yan Gomes hit a three - run homer and Yan Gomes hit a three - run homer for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Trevor May ( 8 - 7 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win and Glen Perkins struck out the side in the ninth	True
He had been 0 - 3 with a < unk > ERA in his previous four starts . The Phillies jumped out to a 5 - 3 lead in the bottom of the first	True
Ryan Howard hit a two - run double in the bottom of the inning to give the Phillies a 3 - 0 lead . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the second	True
Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the second to give the Dodgers a 6 - 5 lead . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the second	False
Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the second to give the Dodgers a 6 - 5 lead . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the second	False
Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the second to give the Dodgers a 6 - 5 lead . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the second	False
Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the second to give the Dodgers a 6 - 5 lead . Gonzalez hit a three - run shot in the second	True
Gonzalez hit a three - run shot in the second to give the Dodgers a 6 - 5 lead . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the second	True
Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the second to give the Dodgers a 6 - 5 lead . He also had an RBI double in the first	True
Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the second to give the Dodgers a 6 - 5 lead . He also had an RBI double in the first and a two - run single in the first	True
He also had an RBI double in the first and a two - run single in the first . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the second	True
Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the second to give the Dodgers a 6 - 5 lead . Gonzalez hit a three - run shot in the second	True
Gonzalez hit a three - run shot in the second to give the Dodgers a 6 - 5 lead . The Phillies loaded the bases with one out in the second	True
He struck out two and walked two . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Ian Kinsler led off with a single , stole second	False
Ian Kinsler led off with a single , stole second and scored on Victor Martinez 's groundout . Detroit tied it in the fourth	True
Eric Hosmer led off with a double and scored on Kendrys Morales ' triple . The Royals tied it in the fourth	True
The Royals tied it in the fourth when Hosmer led off with a double and scored on Kendrys Morales ' triple . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Victor Martinez 's RBI triple . Detroit tied it in the fourth	False
Eric Hosmer led off with a double and scored on Kendrys Morales ' triple . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Victor Martinez 's RBI triple . Detroit tied it in the fourth	False
He walked three and struck out four . Zobrist 's two - run homer off Roberto Osuna cut the deficit to 3 - 2 in the eighth	True
He walked three and struck out four . Zobrist 's two - run homer off Roberto Osuna cut the deficit to 3 - 2 in the eighth , but the Blue Jays added two more in the eighth	True
The Royals have lost five of their past six games . Zobrist hit a two - run homer off Roberto Osuna in the eighth	True
He walked three and struck out four . Zobrist hit a two - run homer off Roberto Osuna in the eighth	True
Mike Moustakas hit a two - run homer with two outs in the 10th inning , lifting the Royals to a 5 - 3 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night . Mike Moustakas hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning , and Alex Gordon added a solo shot in the seventh	True
Franklin Morales ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Wade Davis pitched a perfect 10th	True
Franklin Morales ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Wade Davis pitched the 10th	True
Jose Abreu homered for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Tyler Flowers had a career - high four hits for Chicago , including a run - scoring single in the second	True
The right - hander struck out four , walked one and hit a batter with a pitch . James McCann drove in three runs with a bases - loaded walk in the fifth	True
Neftali Feliz got the final two outs for his 10th save in 12 chances . Fielder hit a two - out , two - run single in the ninth	True
Neftali Feliz got the final two outs for his 10th save in 12 chances . Fielder hit a two - out , two - run single in the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked two . The Reds scored in the eighth	True
Andres Blanco hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the ninth inning off Casey Janssen , and the Phillies beat the Nationals 12 - 5 on Tuesday night . Andres Blanco had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Andres Blanco had three hits , including a go - ahead , two - run homer in the eighth	True
Dalier Hinojosa ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect seventh inning for the win . Jeff Francoeur had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Jeff Francoeur had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth . Dalier Hinojosa ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect seventh	True
Jeff Francoeur had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth . Dalier Hinojosa ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect seventh , Ken Giles gave up two runs in the ninth	True
Jeff Francoeur had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth . Dalier Hinojosa ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect seventh , Ken Giles gave up two runs in the ninth and Ken Giles gave up two runs in the ninth	False
Dalier Hinojosa ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect seventh , Ken Giles gave up two runs in the ninth and Ken Giles gave up two runs in the ninth . Dalier Hinojosa ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect seventh	False
Dalier Hinojosa ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect seventh , Ken Giles gave up two runs in the ninth and Ken Giles gave up two runs in the ninth . Dalier Hinojosa ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect seventh , Ken Giles gave up two runs in the ninth	False
Dalier Hinojosa ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect seventh , Ken Giles gave up two runs in the ninth and Ken Giles gave up two runs in the ninth . Dalier Hinojosa ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect seventh , Ken Giles gave up two runs in the ninth and Ken Giles gave up two runs in the ninth	False
Dalier Hinojosa ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect seventh , Ken Giles gave up two runs in the ninth and Ken Giles gave up two runs in the ninth . The Nationals scored three runs in the ninth	True
The Dodgers have lost five of six . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Correa homered twice and drove in three runs , Colby Rasmus also went deep and the Astros beat the Texas Rangers 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Correa hit a solo homer in the third	True
Correa hit a solo homer in the third and a two - run shot in the seventh inning to help the Astros to their fourth straight win . Correa , who homered in the first	True
Correa hit a solo homer in the third and a two - run shot in the seventh inning to help the Astros to their fourth straight win . Correa , who homered in the first and second innings , added a solo shot in the sixth inning and a two - run shot in the seventh	True
Correa , who homered in the first and second innings , added a solo shot in the sixth inning and a two - run shot in the seventh to make it 8 - 4 . It was the second multi - homer game of his career and the first	False
Shin-Soo Choo hit a two - run homer for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Prince Fielder had three hits , including a two - run double in the first inning , and Rougned Odor had an RBI single in the ninth	True
Texas starter Collin McHugh ( 18 - 7 ) allowed eight hits and four runs with six strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings . Will Harris got the last out in the ninth	True
Texas starter Derek Holland yielded seven hits and four runs in five innings . He was replaced by Sam Freeman , who gave up a solo homer to Altuve in the sixth	True
Khris Davis hit a tiebreaking homer in the ninth inning off Trevor Rosenthal , lifting the Milwaukee Brewers to a 4 - 3 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Will Smith ( 7 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Will Smith ( 7 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth	True
Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his 36th save in 39 chances . Khris Davis hit a solo homer off Rosenthal ( 2 - 3 ) in the ninth	True
Khris Davis hit a solo homer off Rosenthal ( 2 - 3 ) in the ninth . Will Smith ( 7 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Will Smith ( 7 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth	True
Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his 36th save in 39 chances . Khris Davis hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
Khris Davis hit a solo homer in the ninth off Rosenthal ( 2 - 3 ) , who gave up three hits in 3 2/3 innings . Will Smith ( 7 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Will Smith ( 7 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is 5 - 1 in his last seven starts . Darren O'Day pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out six and walked two . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Nolan Reimold and a run - scoring single by Nolan Reimold . The Nationals made it 2 - 1 in the fourth	True
The Nationals made it 2 - 1 in the fourth . Clint Robinson led off with a walk , moved to third	False
Jose Lobaton 's fielder 's choice made it 2 - 1 , but Jimenez got out of the jam by getting Clint Robinson to ground into a double play . The Nationals made it 4 - 1 in the fifth	True
Miami 's Tom Koehler ( 10 - 14 ) allowed four runs , three earned , and seven hits in five innings . Miami 's Miguel Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Miami 's Miguel Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Miguel Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh	False
Miami 's Dee Gordon went 0 for 3 with a walk , ending his 14 - game hitting streak , which is the longest active streak in the majors . Miami 's Miguel Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Miami 's Miguel Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 . Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
The Cardinals have won six of seven and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . Trevor Rosenthal pitched the ninth	True
The Cardinals have won six of seven . Jonathan Broxton ( 3 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Jonathan Broxton ( 3 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Trevor Rosenthal gave up a pair of singles in the ninth	True
Trevor Rosenthal earned his 47th save in 46 chances . Brandon Phillips had three hits , including an RBI single in the first	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Morales hit a solo homer in the third	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Morales hit a solo homer in the third and a two - run shot in the third	True
Morales hit a solo homer in the third and a two - run shot in the third to make it 5 - 0 . Morales hit a solo homer in the third	False
Morales hit a solo homer in the third and a two - run shot in the third to make it 5 - 0 . Morales hit a solo homer in the third and a two - run shot in the third	False
Morales hit a solo homer in the third and a two - run shot in the third to make it 5 - 0 . Morales hit a solo homer in the third	False
Morales hit a solo homer in the third and a two - run shot in the third to make it 5 - 0 . Morales hit a solo homer in the third , and Morales added a solo shot in the eighth	True
The Royals have lost five of their last six games . The Royals scored three runs in the third	True
Christian Bergman ( 3 - 0 ) allowed one run in 3 1/3 innings of relief for the Rockies , who have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies had a season - high 18 hits , including a season - high , five - run double by Arenado in the first	True
Christian Bergman ( 3 - 0 ) allowed one run in 3 1/3 innings of relief for the Rockies , who have won six of their last seven games . The Rockies had a season - high 18 hits , including a season - high , five - run double by Arenado in the first and a run - scoring single by Wilin Rosario in the fourth	True
He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Zach Britton pitched the ninth	True
The Rays have lost five of six and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 1 in the sixth	True
The right - hander struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead on Jones ' RBI groundout in the first	True
The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead on Jones ' RBI groundout in the first . The Rays tied it at 1 on Richie Shaffer 's RBI double in the first	True
PHOENIX -- Craig Kimbrel got the final four outs for his major league - leading 37th save , and the San Diego Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Kimbrel struck out the side in the ninth	True
Kimbrel struck out the side in the ninth for his 37th save in 38 tries . He struck out the side in the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out four . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Cory Spangenberg . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Chris Owings ' two - out , two - run single . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
He struck out four and walked one . Bruce Rondon pitched the ninth	True
Bruce Rondon pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six chances . Miguel Sano hit a two - run single in the seventh	True
Miguel Sano hit a two - run single in the seventh for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Miguel Sano had a two - run single in the seventh	True
Miguel Sano had a two - run single in the seventh for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Miguel Sano had a two - run single in the seventh	False
Miguel Sano had a two - run single in the seventh for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Miguel Sano hit a two - run single in the seventh	True
PITTSBURGH -- Josh Harrison singled home the winning run in the 11th inning , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Milwaukee Brewers 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Harrison singled with one out in the 11th	True
PITTSBURGH -- Josh Harrison singled home the winning run in the 11th inning , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Milwaukee Brewers 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Harrison singled with one out in the 11th against Tyler Thornburg ( 0 - 1 ) and advanced to third	False
Jordy Mercer followed with a sacrifice fly . Jared Hughes ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 11th	True
The right - hander improved to 3 - 0 in five career starts against the Braves . The Mets scored three runs in the fourth	True
The Mets scored three runs in the fourth off Shelby Miller ( 5 - 14 ) , who allowed three runs on seven hits and two walks in six innings . The Braves scored three runs in the fourth	True
Kelly Johnson led off with a double and scored on Plawecki 's two - out single . Plawecki added a two - run double in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Braves scored three runs in the fourth	True
The Braves scored three runs in the fourth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Kelly Johnson led off with a single , stole second	False
Kelly Johnson led off with a single , stole second and scored on Uribe 's two - out single . The Mets added a run in the seventh	True
The Mets added a run in the seventh on a run - scoring single by Uribe and a run - scoring single by Uribe . The Braves added a run in the eighth	False
The Braves added a run in the eighth on a run - scoring single by Uribe and a run - scoring single by Uribe . The Braves added a run in the eighth	False
Carlos Gonzalez also homered for the Rockies , who have won five of six . Justin Miller ( 2 - 2 ) struck out the side in the eighth	True
Carlos Gonzalez also homered for the Rockies , who have won five of six . Justin Miller ( 2 - 2 ) struck out the side in the eighth and John Axford pitched a perfect ninth	True
Justin Miller ( 2 - 2 ) struck out the side in the eighth and John Axford pitched a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 25 chances . Justin Miller ( 2 - 2 ) struck out the side in the eighth	False
Justin Miller ( 2 - 2 ) struck out the side in the eighth . John Axford pitched a perfect ninth	True
Abreu hit a three - run homer in the second inning off Carlos Carrasco ( 12 - 10 ) , who gave up four runs and four hits in 2 2/3 innings . Michael Brantley hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
He struck out five and walked three . Michael Brantley hit a two - run homer off Nate Jones in the eighth	True
He struck out three and did not walk a batter . David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth	True
He gave up two homers in a game for the first time this season . Ian Kinsler hit an RBI single in the second	True
He gave up two homers in a game for the first time this season . Ian Kinsler hit an RBI single in the second , and Martinez hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Ian Kinsler hit an RBI single in the second , and Martinez hit a two - run homer in the third to make it 3 - 0 . Ian Kinsler hit an RBI triple in the fourth	True
He walked one and struck out one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Yoenis Cespedes homered and drove in two runs for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Brian Ellington ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 11th	True
Yoenis Cespedes hit a two - run homer for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Brian Ellington ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 11th	True
He struck out four and walked five . The Marlins took a 4 - 3 lead in the sixth	True
He walked five and struck out four . The Marlins took a 4 - 3 lead in the sixth	True
He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . Josh Phegley hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Joey Votto hit a three - run homer in the ninth inning , and the Reds beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Joey Votto hit a three - run homer in the ninth	True
Joey Votto hit a three - run homer in the ninth inning , and the Reds beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Joey Votto hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Hector Rondon ( 5 - 3 ) , and Joey Votto hit a three - run homer in the ninth	False
Joey Votto hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Hector Rondon ( 5 - 3 ) , and Joey Votto hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Hector Rondon ( 5 - 3 ) . J. J. Hoover ( 7 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up two runs in the eighth	True
J. J. Hoover ( 7 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up two runs in the eighth . Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth	True
Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth for his 27th save in 31 chances . Joey Votto hit a three - run homer in the ninth	True
Joey Votto hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Hector Rondon ( 5 - 3 ) . Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth	True
The Reds have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . J. J. Hoover ( 7 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing two runs in the eighth	True
J. J. Hoover ( 7 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing two runs in the eighth . Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth	True
The Reds have won six of their last seven games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 . J. J. Hoover ( 7 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing two runs in the eighth	True
J. J. Hoover ( 7 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing two runs in the eighth . Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out two . The Blue Jays jumped on Bauer for two runs in the first	True
Donaldson followed with a two - run double and scored on Tulowitzki 's sacrifice fly . Toronto cut it to 5 - 1 in the fourth	True
Toronto cut it to 5 - 1 in the fourth when Jason Kipnis doubled and scored on a single by Carlos Santana . Toronto cut it to 5 - 1 in the fourth	False
Toronto cut it to 5 - 1 in the fourth when Jason Kipnis doubled and scored on a two - out single by Carlos Santana . Toronto cut it to 5 - 1 on Carlos Santana 's RBI single in the fourth	True
NEW YORK -- Ruben Tejada hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , and the New York Mets beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . Tejada hit a two - run homer in the second	True
NEW YORK -- Ruben Tejada hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , and the New York Mets beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . Tejada hit a two - run homer in the second , a two - run shot in the third	True
NEW YORK -- Ruben Tejada hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , and the New York Mets beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . Tejada hit a two - run homer in the second , a two - run shot in the third and a run - scoring groundout in the seventh	True
Tejada hit a two - run homer in the second , a two - run shot in the third and a run - scoring groundout in the seventh . He also hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a solo shot in the eighth	True
He also hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a solo shot in the eighth . Tejada hit a two - run homer off Aaron Nola ( 5 - 2 ) in the second inning and a two - run shot in the third	True
The Pirates scored four runs in the first inning off Gerrit Cole ( 15 - 8 ) , who allowed five runs and eight hits in four innings . Kang led off the eighth	True
Kang led off the eighth with a homer off Corey Knebel to cut the lead to 5 - 2 . It was Alvarez 's third homer of the season and second	False
He did n't walk a batter and struck out three . Scott Oberg ( 3 - 4 ) took the loss , giving up three runs in the seventh	True
He walked three and struck out two . The Royals scored three runs in the fifth	True
He walked one and struck out five . Salvador Perez hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
He walked four and struck out two . Salvador Perez hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
He walked four and struck out two . Salvador Perez hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer in the second for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer in the second	False
Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer in the second for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer in the second	False
Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer in the second for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer in the second	False
Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer in the second for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer in the second	False
Pillar hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Chris Colabello also went deep and the Blue Jays beat the Texas Rangers 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Pillar had a two - run homer in the first inning , a solo shot in the second	True
Pillar hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Chris Colabello also went deep and the Blue Jays beat the Texas Rangers 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Pillar had a two - run homer in the first inning , a solo shot in the second and a two - run shot in the second	True
Pillar had a two - run homer in the first inning , a solo shot in the second and a two - run shot in the second that made it 4 - 0 . Pillar added a run - scoring single in the third	True
Pillar had a two - run homer in the first inning , a solo shot in the second and a two - run shot in the second that made it 4 - 0 . Pillar added a run - scoring single in the third , then added a run - scoring single in the seventh	True
He struck out eight and walked two in his second complete game of the season . Albert Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He struck out eight and walked two . Albert Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He struck out eight and did not walk a batter . Hector Rondon pitched the ninth	True
He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter . Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out three and walked one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Chris Coghlan led off with a single , stole second	False
Chris Coghlan led off with a single , stole second and scored on Addison Russell 's single to center . The Brewers had runners on second	False
Chris Coghlan led off with a single , stole second and scored on Addison Russell 's single to center . The Brewers had runners on second and third	False
Chris Coghlan led off with a single , stole second and scored on Addison Russell 's single to center . The Brewers had runners on second and third with one out in the third	True
The Brewers had runners on second and third with one out in the third , but Hendricks struck out Adam Lind and retired Shane Peterson on a fly ball to center . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Chris Coghlan led off with a single , stole second	False
Sabathia ( 6 - 10 ) allowed one run and six hits in five innings , striking out three and walking three . Dellin Betances struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
He struck out three and walked three . Dellin Betances worked the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out six . Mookie Betts had an RBI single in the fifth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in four starts against the Rangers this season . Albert Pujols hit his first homer of the season in the ninth	True
Albert Pujols hit his first homer of the season in the ninth off Phil Klein . Albert Pujols hit his major league - leading 24th homer for Los Angeles , a solo shot in the ninth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last four starts . A. J. Ramos pitched the ninth	True
A. J. Ramos pitched the ninth for his sixth save despite giving up a run and two hits . A. J. Ramos pitched the ninth	False
A. J. Ramos pitched the ninth for his sixth save despite giving up a run and two hits . A. J. Ramos pitched the ninth	False
A. J. Ramos pitched the ninth for his sixth save in six chances . He gave up a two - out RBI single to Yasmani Grandal , but A. J. Ramos worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Evan Gattis drove in three runs , Evan Gattis drove in three runs and the Astros beat the Seattle Mariners 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Altuve had three hits , including a leadoff homer in the first inning off Hisashi Iwakuma ( 0 - 3 ) , and Carlos Correa and Colby Rasmus each had an RBI single in a two - run fifth	True
Tillman ( 2 - 1 ) struck out a career - high nine and walked two in 6 2/3 innings . Zach Britton pitched the ninth	True
Ivan Nova ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of hitless relief for the win . Andrew Miller pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Rays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Rays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Logan Forsythe 's two - out , two - run double . The Rays took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
He walked three , hit a batter and struck out two . Andrew Miller pitched the ninth	True
He has n't won in his last five starts . Houston 's George Springer had two hits , including a run - scoring single in the ninth	True
Houston 's George Springer had two hits , including a run - scoring single in the ninth , to make it 6 - 2 . The Red Sox added a run in the ninth	True
Tony Zych ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for his first major league win . Steve Cishek pitched a perfect 10th	True
Steve Cishek pitched a perfect 10th for his third save . Rajai Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Tony Zych ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Steve Cishek pitched a perfect 10th	True
Steve Cishek pitched a perfect 10th for his third save . Rajai Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Rajai Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Rajai Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth	False
Manny Machado hit a go - ahead double in the eighth inning , and the Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . The Blue Jays trailed 2 - 1 before scoring twice in the seventh	True
The Blue Jays trailed 2 - 1 before scoring twice in the seventh . Darren O'Day ( 1 - 0 ) struck out the side in the eighth	False
The Blue Jays trailed 2 - 1 before scoring twice in the seventh . Darren O'Day ( 1 - 0 ) struck out the side in the eighth and Zach Britton worked a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked three . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked five and struck out two . Mike Moustakas homered in the fourth	True
Felipe Kelley , Shawn Kelley and Shawn Kelley completed the five - hitter . Strasburg struck out Giancarlo Stanton to end the second inning , then fanned Giancarlo Stanton and Dee Gordon to end the seventh	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) lasted just one - third	True
Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) lasted just one - third of an inning , giving up five runs and six hits . He was replaced by Jake Petricka , who gave up an RBI single to Cron in the eighth	True
He was replaced by Jake Petricka , who gave up an RBI single to Cron in the eighth . Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) was charged with five runs and six hits in just one - third	True
Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) was charged with five runs and six hits in just one - third of an inning . Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) was charged with five runs and six hits in just one - third	False
Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) was charged with five runs and six hits in just one - third of an inning . Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) was charged with five runs and six hits in just one - third	False
Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) was charged with five runs and six hits in just one - third of an inning . Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) was charged with five runs and six hits in just one - third	False
Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) was charged with five runs and six hits in just one - third of an inning . He was charged with five runs and six hits in just one - third	False
He was charged with five runs and six hits in just one - third of an inning . Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) lasted just one - third	True
Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) lasted just one - third of an inning , giving up five runs and six hits . He was replaced by Jake Petricka , who gave up an RBI single to Cron in the eighth	True
He struck out six and walked one . Ryan Madson worked the ninth	True
The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . The Phillies jumped on Hellickson for five runs in the first	True
Werth followed with a three - run double to right - center to make it 6 - 0 . Ryan Howard hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
Ryan Howard hit a solo homer in the ninth to make it 9 - 1 . It was Howard 's second career leadoff homer and third	False
He struck out three and walked one . The Phillies jumped on Hellickson for five runs in the first	True
He walked four and struck out one . Marcus Semien hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
He walked four and struck out one . Marcus Semien hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
He walked four and struck out one . The A 's loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth	True
He walked four and struck out one . Semien led off the eighth	True
Semien led off the eighth with a home run off Fernando Salas . Salas gave up a leadoff homer to Semien in the eighth	True
He struck out four and walked three . Starling Marte hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
He struck out four and walked three . Drew VerHagen pitched a scoreless eighth	True
He struck out six and walked three . Marcus Semien hit an RBI single in the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked three . Marcus Semien hit an RBI single with two outs in the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked three . Marcus Semien hit an RBI single in the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked three . Marcus Semien hit an RBI single in the ninth	True
Austin Jackson hit a two - run single in the fourth inning and Jose Quintana pitched six strong innings to lead the White Sox to a 4 - 1 victory over the Twins on Tuesday night . Jose Quintana ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings for Chicago , and David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked three and struck out six . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Nationals took a 4 - 3 lead in the second	True
The Nationals took a 4 - 3 lead in the second on a two - run double by Nick Markakis . The Nationals took a 4 - 3 lead in the second	False
The Nationals took a 4 - 3 lead in the second on a two - run double by Nick Markakis . The Nationals took a 4 - 3 lead in the second	False
Tampa Bay starter Vance Worley gave up three runs , two earned , and seven hits in 4 2/3 innings . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked four and struck out a career - high nine . Jeremy Jeffress pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked six . The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the first	True
The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the first on a two - run single by Domingo Santana . The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first	True
The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first on an RBI double by Domingo Santana and a two - run single by Aaron Hill . Milwaukee added a run in the fourth	True
Milwaukee added a run in the fourth on Domingo Santana 's RBI double . The Astros had runners on first	False
Milwaukee added a run in the fourth on Domingo Santana 's RBI double . The Astros had runners on first and second	False
Milwaukee added a run in the fourth on Domingo Santana 's RBI double . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
He struck out five , walked three and hit a batter . Martinez had an RBI double in the third	True
He struck out five , walked three and hit a batter . Martinez had an RBI double in the third and a run - scoring single in the fifth	False
Martinez had an RBI double in the third and a run - scoring single in the fifth . Martinez had a run - scoring single in the third	False
Martinez had an RBI double in the third and a run - scoring single in the fifth . Martinez had a run - scoring single in the third and a run - scoring single in the fifth	False
Martinez had a run - scoring single in the third and a run - scoring single in the fifth . The Cardinals scored three runs in the second	True
He walked four and struck out four . The Braves scored three runs in the second	True
The Royals have won six of their last seven games and have the best record in the American League . Joakim Soria ( 1 - 0 ) allowed a run in the top of the eighth	True
The Royals have won six of their last seven games and have the best record in the American League . Joakim Soria ( 1 - 0 ) allowed a run in the top of the eighth , and Wade Davis worked the ninth	True
Joakim Soria ( 1 - 0 ) allowed a run in the top of the eighth , and Wade Davis worked the ninth for his second save in as many chances . Kevin Jepsen ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two runs on two hits and two runs in the eighth	True
Kevin Jepsen ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two runs on two hits and two runs in the eighth . Joakim Soria ( 1 - 0 ) earned the win despite allowing a run in the eighth	True
Joakim Soria ( 1 - 0 ) earned the win despite allowing a run in the eighth . Wade Davis worked the ninth	True
Brandon Belt hit a solo homer in the second inning and Brandon Crawford drove in a run with a ninth - inning single off Arodys Vizcaino . Brandon Crawford had a run - scoring single off Vizcaino in the ninth	True
Brandon Crawford had a run - scoring single off Vizcaino in the ninth , and Brandon Crawford drove in a run with a single . Brandon Crawford drove in the Giants ' first run with a two - out infield single in the ninth	True
Brandon Crawford drove in the Giants ' first run with a two - out infield single in the ninth . The Giants had runners on first	False
Brandon Crawford drove in the Giants ' first run with a two - out infield single in the ninth . The Giants had runners on first and second	False
Brandon Crawford drove in the Giants ' first run with a two - out infield single in the ninth . The Giants had runners on first and second with no outs in the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out three . The Mariners scored in the second	True
He walked one and struck out three . The Mariners scored in the second on an RBI single by Alexei Ramirez and a two - out RBI double by Alexei Ramirez in the sixth	True
He walked one and struck out four . Brian McCann hit a two - run homer off Aaron Loup in the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out four . Goins hit his first home run of the season in the fifth	True
He walked one and struck out four . Goins hit his first home run of the season in the fifth , a drive into the second deck in right , and Goins connected in the fifth	True
Goins hit his first home run of the season in the fifth , a drive into the second deck in right , and Goins connected in the fifth . Goins hit a two - out drive to center in the fifth	True
Goins hit his first home run of the season in the fifth , a drive into the second deck in right , and Goins connected in the fifth . Goins hit a two - out drive to center in the fifth , his third	False
Goins hit a two - out drive to center in the fifth , his third . Toronto cut it to 4 - 2 in the ninth	False
Goins hit a two - out drive to center in the fifth , his third . Toronto cut it to 4 - 2 in the ninth on a two - run homer by Brian McCann , his third	False
Lorenzo Cain hit a go - ahead homer in the eighth inning , and the Royals rallied for three runs in the eighth inning to beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Lorenzo Cain hit a solo homer in the eighth inning off Nate Jones ( 2 - 1 ) , who allowed three runs and three hits in one - third	True
Chris Young ( 2 - 5 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Wade Davis worked a perfect ninth	True
The Royals ' Chris Young ( 2 - 5 ) picked up the win with one inning of relief . Wade Davis pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Royals ' Chris Young ( 2 - 5 ) picked up the victory with one inning of relief . Wade Davis pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Royals ' Chris Young ( 2 - 5 ) picked up the win with a scoreless eighth inning . Wade Davis pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Wade Davis pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Matt Adams ' sacrifice fly . Moss hit a 3 - 2 pitch over the wall in right - center to give St. Louis a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out seven and walked one . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Ben Zobrist 's RBI double and Ben Zobrist 's RBI double in the second	True
Ben Zobrist 's RBI double in the second made it 3 - 0 . Fowler led off the bottom of the first	True
Fowler led off the bottom of the first with his eighth homer of the season , and Ben Zobrist followed with an RBI double . The Cubs made it 3 - 0 in the second	True
The Cubs made it 3 - 0 in the second on Miguel Montero 's RBI double . Fowler led off the bottom of the first	True
Fowler led off the bottom of the first with a drive to right for his fourth leadoff homer of the season . The Cubs added two more runs in the second	True
The Cubs added two more runs in the second on RBI doubles by Jason Heyward and Jason Heyward . The Cubs added two more runs in the second	False
The Cubs added two more runs in the second on RBI doubles by Jason Heyward and Zobrist . The Cubs added two more runs in the second	False
The Cubs added two more runs in the second on RBI doubles by Jason Heyward and Zobrist . The Cubs added two more runs in the second	False
Adrian Gonzalez had four hits , including a solo homer , and Corey Seager also went deep for the Dodgers , who have won three straight and five of six . Utley hit a grand slam off Logan Verrett ( 3 - 2 ) in the seventh inning and added a solo shot in the eighth	True
Trumbo hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Orioles beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Trumbo hit a two - run homer off Zach McAllister ( 2 - 2 ) in the seventh	True
Dylan Bundy ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth	True
Dylan Bundy ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Zach Britton pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 in four starts since being recalled from Triple-A Columbus on June 15 . The Indians tied it at 3 in the fifth	True
The Indians tied it at 3 in the fifth on Lindor 's sacrifice fly and Juan Uribe 's sacrifice fly . The Indians tied it in the bottom of the fifth	False
The Indians tied it in the bottom of the fifth on Juan Uribe 's RBI double and a sacrifice fly by Lindor . The Indians tied it at 3 in the fifth	True
Lindor 's homer in the eighth made it 6 - 4 . The Indians tied it at 3 in the fifth	True
The Indians tied it at 3 in the fifth on Lindor 's sacrifice fly and a sacrifice fly by Lindor . Lindor hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last four starts . Kenley Jansen pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last four starts . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Angels had 18 hits , including three by Rafael Ortega , who had two hits and three RBI . Rafael Ortega hit a three - run homer in the eighth	True
Eovaldi ( 5 - 2 ) gave up two hits , walked three and struck out five . Dellin Betances and Kirby Yates finished the two - hitter , and Dellin Betances struck out two in a hitless ninth	True
Chris Archer ( 3 - 5 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in three - plus innings for Tampa Bay . Logan Morrison hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Logan Morrison hit a two - run homer in the second for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . Logan Morrison hit a two - run homer in the second	False
Logan Morrison hit a two - run homer in the second for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . Logan Morrison hit a two - run homer in the second	False
Logan Morrison hit a two - run homer in the second for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . Logan Morrison hit a two - run homer in the second	False
Logan Morrison hit a two - run homer in the second for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . The Rays took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rays took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by J. D. Martinez and an RBI single by Andrew Romine . The Rays tied it in the second	True
The Rays took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by J. D. Martinez and an RBI single by Andrew Romine . The Rays tied it in the second on Tim Beckham 's two - run homer , but the Rays tied it in the second	True
The Rays tied it in the second on Tim Beckham 's two - run homer , but the Rays tied it in the second on Tim Beckham 's two - run homer . The Rays tied it in the second	False
The Rays tied it in the second on Tim Beckham 's two - run homer , but the Rays tied it in the second on Tim Beckham 's two - run homer . The Rays tied it in the second on Tim Beckham 's two - run homer , but the Rays tied it in the second	False
The Rays tied it in the second on Tim Beckham 's two - run homer , but the Rays tied it in the second on Tim Beckham 's two - run homer . The Rays tied it in the second	False
The Rays tied it in the second on Tim Beckham 's two - run homer , but the Rays tied it in the second on Tim Beckham 's two - run homer . The Rays tied it in the second on a two - run homer by Morrison , his fourth	False
The Rays tied it in the second on a two - run homer by Morrison , his fourth of the year . The Rays tied it in the second	False
The Rays tied it in the second on a two - run homer by Morrison , his fourth of the year . The Rays tied it in the second on a two - run homer by Morrison , his fourth	False
He struck out four and walked two . David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out three and walked four . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Alex Gordon doubled and scored on Omar Infante 's two - out single . The Royals cut it to 3 - 2 in the sixth	True
The Royals cut it to 3 - 2 in the sixth when Austin Jackson led off with a double and scored on Cabrera 's two - out single . The White Sox had runners on first	False
The Royals cut it to 3 - 2 in the sixth when Austin Jackson led off with a double and scored on Cabrera 's two - out single . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
The Royals cut it to 3 - 2 in the sixth when Austin Jackson led off with a double and scored on Cabrera 's two - out single . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Nate Jones struck out Salvador Perez and Alcides Escobar to end the threat . David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Bryce Harper doubled and scored on Clint Robinson 's two - out single . Clint Robinson had an RBI single in the fourth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Clint Robinson . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Clint Robinson . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Chris Heisey drew a leadoff walk and scored on a single by Clint Robinson . Bour hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Bour hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Marlins a 3 - 1 lead . Bour hit a two - run homer in the sixth	False
He struck out four and walked two . The Rays took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rays took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Corey Dickerson and a run - scoring double by Corey Dickerson . The Rays tied it in the third	True
Cabrera hit a 1 - 1 pitch over the wall in right - center for his second homer of the game . Cabrera hit his second homer of the game in the seventh	True
Cabrera hit his second homer of the game in the seventh . The Rays took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rays took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Corey Dickerson and a run - scoring double by Corey Dickerson . The Rays tied it in the third	True
Cabrera hit a 1 - 1 pitch over the wall in right - center to tie the game at 3 . Cabrera hit his second homer of the game in the seventh	True
He struck out three and walked four . The A 's scored in the second	True
Herrmann 's two - run single off Carlos Martinez ( 4 - 4 ) in the first inning gave Arizona a 2 - 0 lead . The Diamondbacks scored five runs in the fifth	True
The Diamondbacks scored five runs in the fifth , highlighted by Herrmann 's two - run single . Brandon Drury added a solo homer in the ninth	True
He struck out three , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Michael Bourn had a two - run single in the first	True
He struck out three and walked three . The Cardinals scored five runs in the eighth	True
Roberto Osuna ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two perfect innings for the win . Joe Biagini pitched the 11th	True
Joe Biagini pitched the 11th for his first major league save . Edwin Encarnacion had three hits , including a tying , two - run homer in the sixth	True
Joe Biagini pitched the 11th for his first major league save . Edwin Encarnacion had three hits , including a tying , two - run homer in the sixth , and Troy Tulowitzki had an RBI single in the 11th	True
Roberto Osuna ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two perfect innings for the win . Joe Biagini pitched the 11th	True
He struck out nine and walked one . Joe Biagini pitched the 11th	True
Joe Biagini pitched the 11th for his first career save . Encarnacion hit a tying , two - run homer in the sixth	True
Encarnacion hit a tying , two - run homer in the sixth to tie the game at 2 . It was Encarnacion 's third homer of the season and second	False
Encarnacion 's homer was his first since July 8 , 2014 , against the Chicago White Sox . Encarnacion hit a tying , two - run homer in the sixth	True
Encarnacion hit a tying , two - run homer in the sixth to tie the game at 2 . The Blue Jays added a run in the third	True
He struck out five and walked one . A. J. Ramos pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
He struck out four and walked three . Jake McGee pitched the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out three . The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on Michael Conforto 's RBI single and Michael Conforto 's run - scoring single . The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	False
Michael Conforto followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 1 . The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	True
He walked three and struck out three . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Matt Bush ( 1 - 0 ) struck out one in 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Sam Dyson pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked two and struck out three . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
He walked two and struck out three . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Gregory Polanco led off with a double and scored on Francisco Cervelli 's two - out , two - run single . The Cubs added another run in the sixth	True
The Cubs added another run in the sixth when Heyward led off with a double and scored on Kris Bryant 's single . The Cubs added two more in the eighth	True
He struck out two and walked two . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Jean Segura 's run - scoring single . Arizona loaded the bases with one out in the sixth	True
Arizona loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Samardzija struck out Paul Goldschmidt and Yasmany Tomas to end the threat . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Pomeranz ( 4 - 3 ) allowed three hits , walked three and struck out a career - high 10 in six innings . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
MINNEAPOLIS -- Chris Davis had four hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth inning , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Minnesota Twins 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Davis hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the ninth	True
Davis hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the ninth to help the Orioles snap a three - game losing streak . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the ninth	False
Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the ninth off Brandon Kintzler . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the ninth	False
Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the ninth off Brandon Kintzler . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the ninth	False
Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the ninth off Brandon Kintzler . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the ninth	False
Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the ninth off Brandon Kintzler . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the ninth	False
Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the ninth off Brandon Kintzler . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth	True
Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth to make it 5 - 1 . Trumbo added a two - run shot in the ninth	True
Trumbo added a two - run shot in the ninth off Brandon Kintzler . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth	True
Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth to make it 5 - 1 . Trumbo added a two - run shot in the ninth	True
Trumbo added a two - run shot in the ninth off Brandon Kintzler . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the ninth	True
Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the ninth off Brandon Kintzler . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
Ubaldo Jimenez ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two runs and nine hits in eight innings , striking out six and walking one . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth	True
The A 's have lost six of seven . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third	True
Arrieta ( 6 - 0 ) struck out five and walked two in his first win since July 3 . He also had an RBI single in the eighth	True
The right - hander has won his first three starts of the season . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Shields ( 1 - 4 ) allowed one run and nine hits in six innings , struck out five and walked two . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
He threw 75 of 112 pitches for strikes . Buster Posey homered in the eighth	True
Dillon Gee ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two innings for the win . Wade Davis worked the ninth	True
Dillon Gee ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two innings for the win . Wade Davis worked the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Moss hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Rodriguez drove in four runs , Jameson Taillon pitched six strong innings and the Pirates beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 1 on Tuesday night . Rodriguez had a two - run double in the second inning and a three - run double in the fifth	True
Rodriguez had a two - run double in the second inning and a three - run double in the fifth . He also had a two - run double in the second inning and a three - run double in the fifth	True
Starling Marte led off with a single and scored on Rodriguez 's double . The Pirates added three more runs in the fourth	True
The Pirates added three more runs in the fourth on RBI doubles by Rodriguez and Jordy Mercer and a run - scoring single by Josh Harrison . Josh Harrison added a two - run double in the fifth	True
He lasted four innings , giving up five runs and seven hits . The Mariners scored three runs in the second	True
The Mariners scored three runs in the second . Marte led off with a single , stole second	False
Marte led off with a single , stole second and scored on Rodriguez 's double into the right - field corner . The Pirates added three runs in the fourth	True
Cesar Hernandez had four hits , including a go - ahead sacrifice fly in the 10th inning , and the Phillies beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Andres Blanco hit a two - run single in the eighth	True
Jeanmar Gomez ( 3 - 2 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Brett Oberholtzer pitched the 10th	True
Jeanmar Gomez ( 3 - 2 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Brett Oberholtzer pitched the 10th	True
The Cubs have won four of their last five games . Baez hit a grand slam off J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 2 ) in the 15th	True
Spencer Patton ( 1 - 0 ) retired the only two batters he faced to earn the win . Carl Edwards Jr. struck out two in a perfect eighth	True
Spencer Patton ( 1 - 0 ) retired the only two batters he faced to earn the win . Carl Edwards Jr. struck out two in a perfect eighth , and Hector Rondon gave up a two - out RBI single to Eugenio Suarez in the ninth	True
Carl Edwards Jr. struck out two in a perfect eighth , and Hector Rondon gave up a two - out RBI single to Eugenio Suarez in the ninth . Hector Rondon gave up Eugenio Suarez 's two - out RBI single in the ninth	True
Hector Rondon gave up Eugenio Suarez 's two - out RBI single in the ninth before Joel Peralta came on to strike out pinch - hitter Tyler Holt to end the inning . The Cubs had runners on first	False
Hector Rondon gave up Eugenio Suarez 's two - out RBI single in the ninth before Joel Peralta came on to strike out pinch - hitter Tyler Holt to end the inning . The Cubs had runners on first and second	False
Hector Rondon gave up Eugenio Suarez 's two - out RBI single in the ninth before Joel Peralta came on to strike out pinch - hitter Tyler Holt to end the inning . The Cubs had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth	True
The Cubs had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth , but Cozart grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Cubs had runners on first	False
The Cubs had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth , but Cozart grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Cubs had runners on first and second	False
The Cubs had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth , but Cozart grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Cubs had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth	False
The Cubs had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth , but Cozart grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Reds had runners on first	False
The Cubs had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth , but Cozart grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Reds had runners on first and second	False
The Cubs had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth , but Cozart grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Reds had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth	False
Chisenhall hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs , Trevor Bauer pitched six strong innings and the Cleveland Indians beat the Atlanta Braves 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Chisenhall 's homer in the fourth	True
Chisenhall 's homer in the fourth off Tyrell Jenkins ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Indians a 4 - 1 lead . It was his second homer of the season and second	False
It was his second homer of the season and second in two days . Mike Napoli had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the eighth	True
Mike Napoli had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the eighth off Joba Chamberlain . Tyler Flowers hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
Jenkins ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , six hits and one walk in four - plus innings . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Jose Ramirez . The Indians tied it in the third	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Jose Ramirez . The Indians tied it in the third when Ender Inciarte walked , stole second	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Jose Ramirez . The Indians tied it in the third when Ender Inciarte walked , stole second , moved to third	False
He struck out five and walked two . The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
BALTIMORE -- Matt Wieters homered twice and drove in three runs , Adam Jones also homered and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Tampa Bay Rays 8 - 6 on Tuesday night . Wieters hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and a solo shot in the eighth	True
T. J. McFarland ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Zach Britton worked the ninth	True
Baltimore went up 2 - 1 in the bottom half on a run - scoring double by Jonathan Schoop and a run - scoring single by Jonathan Schoop . Baltimore took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
Matt Wieters followed with a run - scoring single , and Chris Davis was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded . Baltimore took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
Flaherty led off with a double and scored on a double by Jonathan Schoop . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
Flaherty led off with a double and scored on a double by Jonathan Schoop . The Orioles pulled to 3 - 2 in the fifth	True
Shawn Tolleson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Sam Dyson pitched the ninth	True
Shawn Tolleson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Sam Dyson pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Troy Tulowitzki hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Devon Travis added a two - run drive in the second	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Tony Cingrani pitched the 11th	True
J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Tony Cingrani pitched the 11th	True
J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Tony Cingrani pitched the 11th	True
Tony Cingrani pitched the 11th for his eighth save in five chances . Carlos Gomez hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Carlos Gomez hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Astros . Carlos Gomez had three hits for Houston , including an RBI single in the sixth	True
Carlos Gomez had three hits for Houston , including an RBI single in the sixth that tied it 1 - 1 . Carlos Gomez had three hits , including an RBI single in the sixth	True
Carlos Gomez had three hits , including an RBI single in the sixth that tied it 1 - 1 . Carlos Gomez had three hits for Houston , including an RBI single in the sixth	True
Carlos Gomez had three hits for Houston , including an RBI single in the sixth that tied it 1 - 1 . The Astros tied it at 1 in the sixth	True
Perdomo ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and six hits in six innings , struck out four and walked two . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 13th save in as many chances . Justin Bour led off the game with a single , stole second	False
Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 13th save in as many chances . Justin Bour led off the game with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
He struck out four and walked two . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
The Marlins have lost five of six . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Justin Bour led off with a double and scored on Miguel Rojas ' sacrifice fly . The Marlins went ahead 3 - 1 in the fourth	True
The Marlins went ahead 3 - 1 in the fourth on RBI singles by Christian Yelich and Miguel Rojas . Miguel Rojas hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
He walked none and struck out a season - high 11 . Jackie Bradley Jr. hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
He walked none and struck out a season - high 11 . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out five and walked one . Tony Watson pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Tony Watson pitched the ninth and Tony Watson pitched the ninth	False
The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their 10 - game road trip . Jose Iglesias had an RBI single in the first	True
The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their 10 - game road trip . Jose Iglesias had an RBI single in the first and a run - scoring single in the fourth	True
Jose Iglesias had an RBI single in the first and a run - scoring single in the fourth . The White Sox scored three times in the fourth	True
He walked four and struck out five . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Rizzo followed with a run - scoring single , and Rizzo followed with a run - scoring single to make it 3 - 1 . Rizzo had an RBI single in the sixth	True
Rizzo followed with a run - scoring single , and Rizzo followed with a run - scoring single to make it 3 - 1 . Rizzo had an RBI single in the sixth and a three - run homer in the eighth	False
Cubs starter John Gant ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in 4 1/3 innings . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Cubs starter John Gant ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs -- two earned -- and four hits in 4 1/3 innings . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Heyward singled , stole second	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Heyward singled , stole second and scored on Rizzo 's double . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Heyward singled , stole second and scored on Rizzo 's double . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Heyward singled , stole second	False
The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Heyward singled , stole second and scored on Rizzo 's double . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Heyward singled , stole second and scored on Rizzo 's double . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Heyward singled , stole second	False
Conforto hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Mets rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Yoenis Cespedes led off the 10th	True
Conforto hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Mets rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Yoenis Cespedes led off the 10th with a single off Cory Luebke ( 0 - 1 ) and advanced to third	False
Addison Reed ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jeurys Familia got Jung Ho Kang to ground into a game - ending double play with runners on first	False
Addison Reed ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jeurys Familia got Jung Ho Kang to ground into a game - ending double play with runners on first and second	False
Jeurys Familia got Jung Ho Kang to ground into a game - ending double play with runners on first and second to end the game . Familia walked Jordy Mercer to load the bases with one out in the 10th	True
Addison Reed ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jeurys Familia got Jung Ho Kang to ground into a game - ending double play with runners on first	False
Addison Reed ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jeurys Familia got Jung Ho Kang to ground into a game - ending double play with runners on first and second	False
He struck out seven and walked two . Cory Gearrin ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Young 's homer in the fourth gave the Red Sox a 1 - 0 lead . It was Williamson 's third home run of the season and second	False
Young 's homer in the fourth gave the Red Sox a 1 - 0 lead . It was Williamson 's third home run of the season and second	False
Young 's homer in the fourth gave the Red Sox a 1 - 0 lead . It was Williamson 's third home run of the season and second	False
Young 's homer in the fourth gave the Red Sox a 1 - 0 lead . It was Williamson 's third home run of the season and second	False
He struck out four and walked two . Andrew Miller pitched a scoreless ninth	True
David Huff ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Kole Calhoun hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
He struck out four and walked two . Andrew Miller pitched the ninth	True
Andrew Miller pitched the ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . Kole Calhoun hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
He threw 69 of 69 pitches for strikes . Kole Calhoun hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Lance McCullers ( 3 - 1 ) allowed eight hits and two runs -- two earned -- in seven innings . Will Harris pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . Roberto Osuna gave up a two - out RBI double to Jackie Bradley Jr. in the ninth	True
Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) gave up four runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings , walking three and striking out none . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a leadoff homer by Barney and a two - run shot by Edwin Encarnacion . The Blue Jays made it 4 - 0 in the third	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a leadoff homer by Barney and a two - run shot by Edwin Encarnacion . The Blue Jays made it 4 - 0 in the third on Barney 's solo homer , his second	False
The Blue Jays made it 4 - 0 in the third on Barney 's solo homer , his second of the season . The Red Sox took a 4 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Blue Jays made it 4 - 0 in the third on Barney 's solo homer , his second of the season . The Red Sox took a 4 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Barney , his fourth	False
It was the second time this season the Blue Jays have hit back - to - back home runs . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a leadoff homer by Barney and a two - run shot by Encarnacion . The Blue Jays made it 4 - 0 in the third	True
David Price ( 7 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in seven innings , striking out five and walking four . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
David Price ( 7 - 2 ) allowed three runs -- two earned -- and six hits in seven innings , striking out five and walking four . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - run homer by Devon Travis and a two - run shot by Devon Travis off David Price ( 7 - 2 ) in the eighth	True
He walked four and struck out five . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
He walked four and struck out five . The Red Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Taylor Rogers ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Kevin Jepsen worked the ninth	True
Taylor Rogers ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Kevin Jepsen worked the ninth	True
Rays starter Phil Hughes gave up four runs and eight hits in four innings . He was replaced by Ryan Pressly , who pitched a scoreless eighth	True
He was replaced by Ryan Pressly , who pitched a scoreless eighth . Kevin Jepsen worked the ninth	False
Freddie Freeman hit a leadoff homer in the 11th inning to lift the Braves to a 5 - 4 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Freddie Freeman led off the 11th	True
Chris Withrow ( 1 - 0 ) earned the win with a scoreless 11th inning . Freddie Freeman hit a leadoff homer in the 11th	True
Chris Withrow ( 1 - 0 ) earned the win with a scoreless 11th inning . Freddie Freeman hit a leadoff homer in the 11th	True
Freddie Freeman hit a leadoff homer in the 11th for the Braves , who have won three of four . Chris Withrow ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th	True
Brandon Belt had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in two runs for the Giants , who have lost three of four . Brandon Belt had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Brandon Belt had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth for the Giants , who have lost three of four . Belt hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Belt hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Giants a 2 - 0 lead . Belt hit a two - out , two - run homer in the fourth	True
He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jonathan Schoop reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second	False
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jonathan Schoop reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and scored on a single by Hardy to make it 2 - 1 . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jonathan Schoop reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and scored on a single by Hardy to make it 2 - 1 . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Jonathan Schoop reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second	False
He struck out five and walked one . The Brewers took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Diamondbacks took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth	True
Pujols had three hits and four RBIs , including a two - run single in the first inning . He also had an RBI single in the first inning and a two - out RBI single in the seventh	True
He struck out five and walked four . Salvador Perez hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He walked three and struck out three . Salvador Perez hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He walked three and struck out three . Salvador Perez hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He struck out six , walked two and lowered his ERA to 3.36 . Jeurys Familia pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander improved to 3 - 1 in his past five starts . Jeurys Familia pitched a perfect ninth	True
Anthony Rizzo hit a go - ahead , three - run double off Will Smith ( 1 - 3 ) , and Tommy La Stella added three hits and an RBI for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Joe Nathan ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Joe Nathan ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Hector Rondon pitched the ninth	True
The Brewers ' bullpen has been the only team in the majors without a blown save this season . Nathan ( 1 - 0 ) struck out the side in the eighth	True
The Brewers ' bullpen has been the subject of trade speculation . Nathan ( 1 - 0 ) struck out the side in the eighth	True
The Brewers ' bullpen has been the subject of trade speculation since the All-Star break , and the Cubs have won the first two games of the series against the Brewers . Nathan ( 1 - 0 ) struck out the side in the eighth	True
Nathan ( 1 - 0 ) struck out the side in the eighth and Hector Rondon got three outs for his 18th save in 21 chances . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Hernan Perez and a run - scoring single by Chris Carter . The Cubs took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Cubs took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Hernan Perez and a run - scoring single by Chris Carter . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
Ryan Pressly ( 4 - 5 ) got the win despite allowing a run in 1 1/3 innings . Brandon Kintzler pitched a perfect ninth	True
Ryan Pressly ( 4 - 5 ) got the win despite giving up a run in 1 1/3 innings of relief . Brandon Kintzler pitched a perfect ninth	True
Duffy ( 6 - 1 ) allowed four hits , walked two and struck out four in 6 2/3 innings . Wade Davis worked the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out 11 . Rougned Odor homered in the fourth	True
Rougned Odor homered in the fourth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Rougned Odor homered in the fourth	False
He walked one and struck out a season - high 11 . Rougned Odor homered for the Rangers in the fourth	True
Mauricio Cabrera ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief for his first major league win . Tony Cingrani ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two hits and a run in the 11th	True
Tony Cingrani ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two hits and a run in the 11th . Nick Markakis led off the 11th	True
Tony Cingrani ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two hits and a run in the 11th . Nick Markakis led off the 11th with a single off Tony Cingrani ( 2 - 3 ) and went to third	False
Nick Markakis led off the 11th with a single off Tony Cingrani ( 2 - 3 ) and went to third on Nick Markakis ' single . Inciarte stole third	False
Mauricio Cabrera ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Tony Cingrani ( 2 - 3 ) gave up a one - out single to Adonis Garcia in the 11th	True
Beckham followed with a two - run homer to right - center to give the Braves a 4 - 2 lead . Beckham 's two - run homer off Michael Lorenzen made it 4 - 2 in the seventh	True
It was Bruce 's first homer of the season , a two - run shot in the first inning . The Reds tied it in the second	True
The Reds tied it in the second on Inciarte 's sacrifice fly . The Reds tied it in the second	False
The Reds tied it in the second on Inciarte 's sacrifice fly . The Reds tied it in the second	False
He struck out a career - high 13 in his first complete game of the season . The right - hander struck out the side in the first inning and retired the side in order in the seventh	True
Hansel Robles ( 3 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out four . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Wilson Ramos ' RBI single . The Nationals tied it in the third	True
The Nationals tied it in the third on a two - out RBI single by Yoenis Cespedes . The Mets tied it in the third	True
The Mets tied it in the third on a two - out RBI single by Yoenis Cespedes . The Mets tied it in the third	False
The Mets tied it in the third on a two - out RBI single by Yoenis Cespedes . The Mets tied it in the third	False
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in five starts against the Angels this season . Logan Morrison hit a solo homer and Nick Franklin had three hits for the Rays , including a two - run single during a three - run fifth	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Angels took a 5 - 4 lead in the fifth	True
Jeff Manship ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
Jeff Manship ( 1 - 1 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of relief . Cody Allen worked the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked one . Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . The Indians , who have lost four of five , took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Lindor 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 . Lindor 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 in the third	True
Lindor 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 in the third . Lindor 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 in the third	False
Lindor 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 in the third . Lindor 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 in the third	False
Hellickson ( 6 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits in six innings , striking out six and walking one . Jeanmar Gomez pitched the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked three . The Phillies jumped ahead 2 - 1 in the third	True
Franco followed with an RBI single to give the Phillies a 2 - 1 lead . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
Herrera led off with a double and scored on Herrera 's two - out single to give the Phillies a 2 - 1 lead . The Phillies tied it in the second	True
The Phillies tied it in the second on Cheslor Cuthbert 's RBI single . The Royals tied it in the second	True
The Royals tied it in the second on Cheslor Cuthbert 's two - out RBI single . The Royals tied it in the second	False
The Royals tied it in the second on Cheslor Cuthbert 's two - out RBI single . The Royals tied it in the second	False
The Royals tied it in the second on Cheslor Cuthbert 's two - out RBI single . The Royals tied it in the second	False
The Royals tied it in the second on a two - out RBI single by Cheslor Cuthbert . The Royals tied it in the second	False
The Royals tied it in the second on a two - out RBI single by Cheslor Cuthbert . The Royals tied it in the second	False
Dellin Betances ( 3 - 4 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Chasen Shreve got the final two outs in the 10th	True
Miguel Socolovich ( 1 - 0 ) struck out four in 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Seung Hwan Oh pitched a perfect ninth	True
Seung Hwan Oh pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances . The Cardinals took a 5 - 3 lead in the seventh	True
Miguel Socolovich ( 1 - 0 ) struck out four in 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Seung Hwan Oh pitched a perfect ninth	True
Seung Hwan Oh pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save in 15 chances . The Brewers took a 5 - 3 lead in the seventh	True
He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Jhonny Peralta led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Wong . Gyorko homered in the fifth	True
Gyorko homered in the fifth to put the Cardinals up 2 - 0 . Wong added a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
DETROIT -- Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a go - ahead two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Detroit Tigers rallied past the Chicago White Sox 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning , and Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Justin Wilson ( 4 - 4 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Justin Wilson ( 4 - 4 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out three and walked two . Tyler Saladino hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Tyler Saladino hit a two - run homer in the fourth for Chicago , which has lost four of five . Tyler Saladino hit a two - out , two - run homer in the fourth	False
He struck out three and walked two . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the fourth	True
The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Shields struck out Casey McGehee and Casey McGehee to end the inning . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Miguel Cabrera . The White Sox loaded the bases with one out in the fourth	True
He walked two and struck out one . Joe Blanton ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Joe Blanton ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth	True
Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth for his 39th save in 40 chances . Cahill ( 3 - 4 ) took the loss , allowing a run and three hits in one - third	True
Cahill ( 3 - 4 ) took the loss , allowing a run and three hits in one - third of an inning . Joe Blanton ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Joe Blanton ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Cubs ' lone hit was a leadoff single by Jason Heyward in the fifth inning . The Cubs loaded the bases with one out in the sixth	True
The Cubs loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Lester struck out Justin Turner to end the inning . The Cubs had runners on first	False
The Cubs loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Lester struck out Justin Turner to end the inning . The Cubs had runners on first and second	False
The Cubs loaded the bases with one out in the sixth , but Lester struck out Justin Turner to end the inning . The Cubs had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
The Cubs had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Lester struck out Justin Turner and retired Justin Turner on a fly to center . Lester retired the first eight batters before Ross singled with two outs in the fourth	True
Jeff Locke ( 9 - 7 ) pitched two innings for the win . Neftali Feliz pitched the ninth	True
Jeff Locke ( 9 - 7 ) allowed one run and two hits in two innings . Neftali Feliz pitched the ninth	True
Neftali Feliz pitched the ninth for his second save in as many chances . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Starling Marte 's RBI double . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
He walked three and struck out one . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Starling Marte 's RBI double . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Urias ( 5 - 2 ) allowed one run and six hits in six innings , struck out eight and walked two . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Anthony Rizzo 's RBI single . The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on a run - scoring single by Justin Turner and a run - scoring single by Justin Turner . The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	False
The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on a run - scoring single by Justin Turner and a run - scoring single by Justin Turner . The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	False
The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on a run - scoring single by Justin Turner and a run - scoring single by Justin Turner . The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	False
The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on a run - scoring single by Justin Turner and a run - scoring single by Justin Turner . Seager 's homer tied it at 1 in the bottom of the first	True
Gurriel 's RBI double in the second gave the Astros a 2 - 0 lead . Evan Gattis doubled in a run in the second	True
Evan Gattis doubled in a run in the second and scored on a double by Evan Gattis to make it 2 - 0 . Evan Gattis doubled in a run in the second	True
Brandon Drury had three hits for the Diamondbacks , who have won four of five . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Scott Schebler . The Reds tied it in the second	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Scott Schebler . The Reds tied it in the second when Drury singled , stole second	False
The Reds tied it in the second when Drury singled , stole second and scored on Drury 's single . The Reds tied it in the second	True
The Reds tied it in the second when Drury singled , stole second and scored on Drury 's single . The Reds tied it in the second when Drury singled , stole second	False
The Reds tied it in the second when Drury singled , stole second and scored on Drury 's single . The Reds tied it in the second	True
The Reds tied it in the second when Drury singled , stole second and scored on Drury 's single . The Reds tied it in the second when Drury singled , stole second	False
The Reds tied it in the second when Drury singled , stole second and scored on Drury 's single . Arizona tied it in the second	True
The Reds tied it in the second when Drury singled , stole second and scored on Drury 's single . Arizona tied it in the second when Drury singled , stole second	False
Arizona tied it in the second when Drury singled , stole second and scored on Drury 's single . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ramon Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . Cincinnati tied it in the second	True
The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ramon Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . Cincinnati tied it in the second when Drury singled , stole second	False
He struck out a season - high seven . Jose Ramirez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
He struck out a season - high seven . Jose Ramirez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth , and Jim Johnson pitched the ninth	True
The Braves had 12 hits , including a pair of doubles by Adonis Garcia , who had three hits . Jose Ramirez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
The Diamondbacks had 12 hits , including a pair of doubles by Adonis Garcia , who had three hits . Jose Ramirez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
The Diamondbacks had 12 hits , including a pair of doubles by Adonis Garcia , who had three hits . Jose Ramirez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Jose Ramirez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth , and Jim Johnson got three outs for his 11th save in 14 tries . The Diamondbacks had 12 hits , including two doubles , in the first inning and a two - run double by Jake Lamb in the third	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Justin Turner . The Dodgers tied it in the third	True
The Dodgers tied it in the third on Angel Pagan 's RBI single and Brandon Belt 's run - scoring single . The Giants tied it in the fifth	True
The Giants tied it in the fifth on Angel Pagan 's RBI single and Buster Posey 's RBI single . The Giants tied it at 3 in the top of the fifth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Justin Turner . The Dodgers tied it in the third	True
Bundy ( 7 - 4 ) allowed two runs and three hits in six innings , striking out four and walking four . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth	True
Bundy ( 7 - 4 ) allowed two runs and three hits , walking four and striking out four . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning . Trea Turner led off with a walk , stole second	False
Trea Turner led off with a walk , stole second and scored on a single by Daniel Murphy . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Trea Turner led off with a walk , stole second	False
The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Trea Turner led off with a walk , stole second , took third	False
Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first inning when Trea Turner led off with a double and scored on a two - out single by Daniel Murphy . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Trea Turner led off with a walk , stole second	False
The right - hander is 3 - 1 in his last five starts . Ken Giles gave up an unearned run in the ninth	True
Fister ( 12 - 8 ) allowed three hits , struck out six and walked one . Ken Giles gave up an unearned run in the ninth	True
Jason Castro homered and drove in four runs , Jason Castro hit a two - run homer and the Astros beat the Baltimore Orioles 12 - 2 on Tuesday night . Castro hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Cespedes homered twice and drove in three runs , Bartolo Colon pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Mets beat the San Francisco Giants 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Cespedes hit a solo homer in the third	True
Cespedes homered twice and drove in three runs , Bartolo Colon pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Mets beat the San Francisco Giants 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Cespedes hit a solo homer in the third and a three - run shot in the sixth	True
He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Cespedes hit a solo homer in the third	True
He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Cespedes hit a solo homer in the third and a three - run shot in the sixth	True
Eduardo Nunez had a two - run double for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Eduardo Nunez hit a two - run double in the eighth	True
He walked two and struck out one . The Mariners scored three runs in the eighth	True
DENVER -- The Colorado Rockies had a chance to win it in the bottom of the 11th	True
Pinch-hitter David Ross lined a single off Aroldis Chapman ( 3 - 1 ) with one out in the 11th inning and the Colorado Rockies rallied to beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . The Cubs took a 6 - 5 lead in the top of the 11th	True
Pinch-hitter David Ross lined a single off Aroldis Chapman ( 3 - 1 ) with one out in the 11th inning and the Colorado Rockies rallied to beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . The Cubs took a 6 - 5 lead in the top of the 11th when Dexter Fowler hit a two - run homer and Kris Bryant 's RBI single off Matt Carasiti ( 1 - 0 ) in the 11th	True
The Cubs took a 6 - 5 lead in the top of the 11th when Dexter Fowler hit a two - run homer and Kris Bryant 's RBI single off Matt Carasiti ( 1 - 0 ) in the 11th to give the Cubs a 6 - 5 lead . Dexter Fowler hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Dexter Fowler hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Matt Carasiti ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the 11th	True
Matt Carasiti ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a run in the 11th . Dexter Fowler hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
He struck out three and walked one . The Rockies took a 6 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
He struck out three and walked one . The Rockies took a 6 - 1 lead in the sixth on a two - run homer by Addison Russell , his 14th	False
Ryan Howard and Maikel Franco hit back - to - back homers to lead the Phillies to a 5 - 4 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Ryan Howard and Maikel Franco hit back - to - back homers to lead the Phillies to a 5 - 4 lead in the seventh	True
Ryan Howard and Maikel Franco hit back - to - back homers to lead the Phillies to a 5 - 4 lead in the seventh . Michael Mariot ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
Michael Mariot ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Jeanmar Gomez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Justin Turner hit a three - run homer for the Dodgers , who have lost three of four . Michael Mariot ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
Michael Mariot ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Jeanmar Gomez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Jeanmar Gomez pitched a perfect ninth for his 32nd save in 34 chances . The Phillies took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies cut it to 4 - 3 in the bottom of the inning on an RBI single by Taylor Featherston . The Phillies cut it to 4 - 3 in the fourth	True
The Phillies cut it to 4 - 3 in the fourth on Aaron Altherr 's RBI double and a run - scoring double by Taylor Featherston . Turner hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Turner hit a solo homer in the fourth to make it 4 - 1 . The Phillies cut it to 4 - 3 in the fourth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out six . Roberto Osuna pitched the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out six . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He walked two and struck out six . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Altuve singled , stole second	False
The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Altuve singled , stole second and scored on Carlos Correa 's two - out double . Houston cut it to 2 - 1 in the bottom of the first	True
Houston cut it to 2 - 1 in the bottom of the first on a two - out homer by Martin , his 18th . The Blue Jays cut it to 2 - 1 in the bottom of the first	False
Neil Walker singled off Brandon Maurer ( 0 - 3 ) with one out in the 11th inning and the Mets beat the San Diego Padres 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Wilmer Flores led off the 11th	True
Neil Walker singled off Brandon Maurer ( 0 - 3 ) with one out in the 11th inning and the Mets beat the San Diego Padres 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Wilmer Flores led off the 11th with a single off Brandon Maurer ( 0 - 3 ) and advanced to third	False
Gabriel Ynoa ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Jeurys Familia gave up a two - out homer to Yangervis Solarte with two outs in the ninth	True
Gabriel Ynoa ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Jeurys Familia gave up a two - out homer to Yangervis Solarte with two outs in the ninth	True
Gabriel Ynoa ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Jeurys Familia gave up a two - out homer to Yangervis Solarte with two outs in the ninth	True
Gabriel Ynoa ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Jeurys Familia gave up a two - out homer to Yangervis Solarte with two outs in the ninth , but the Padres could n't get a runner to third base until the 11th	True
Jose Reyes walked to load the bases , and Walker followed with a drive to right - center to give the Mets a 2 - 1 lead . Gabriel Ynoa ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th	True
Gabriel Ynoa ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th for the win . Jeurys Familia gave up a two - out homer to Yangervis Solarte with two outs in the ninth	True
It was the first home run by a Padres batter in a game since July 31 , 2011 , against the New York Mets . Gabriel Ynoa ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th	True
Gabriel Ynoa ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th for the win . Jeurys Familia gave up a two - out homer to Yangervis Solarte with two outs in the ninth	True
He struck out two and did n't allow a runner to reach second base . John Axford pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is winless in his last five starts and is winless in his last six outings . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The right - hander is winless in his last five starts and is winless in his last six outings . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Semien reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second	False
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Yankees took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Yankees took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Chase Headley 's RBI double and Jacoby Ellsbury 's run - scoring single . The Yankees took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	False
The right - hander has given up three home runs in his last three starts , including three homers , in his last four starts . The Phillies ' first three batters reached in the second	True
The Phillies ' first three batters reached in the second , and Kendrick followed with a two - run homer to right - center . The Dodgers increased the margin to 6 - 2 in the third	True
The Dodgers increased the margin to 6 - 2 in the third on Turner 's RBI single and Kendrick 's two - run homer . The Dodgers increased the margin to 6 - 2 in the third	False
Nick Markakis and A. J. Pierzynski hit back - to - back home runs in the fifth inning , leading the Braves to a 4 - 3 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Markakis hit a solo homer in the second inning and Nick Markakis added a solo shot in the fifth	True
Markakis hit a solo homer in the second inning and Nick Markakis added a solo shot in the fifth to give the Braves a 3 - 1 lead . Atlanta 's Martin Maldonado hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Brandon Cunniff ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jim Johnson pitched the 12th	True
Jim Johnson pitched the 12th for his ninth save in 11 chances . The Brewers had runners on first	False
Jim Johnson pitched the 12th for his ninth save in 11 chances . The Brewers had runners on first and second	False
Jim Johnson pitched the 12th for his ninth save in 11 chances . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th	True
The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Jose Ramirez struck out Ryan Braun and Orlando Arcia to end the inning . Jim Johnson pitched the 12th	True
Jim Johnson pitched the 12th for his ninth save in 11 chances . The Brewers had runners on first	False
Jim Johnson pitched the 12th for his ninth save in 11 chances . The Brewers had runners on first and second	False
Jim Johnson pitched the 12th for his ninth save in 11 chances . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th	True
The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Jose Ramirez struck out Orlando Arcia to end the inning . Jim Johnson pitched the 12th	True
Jim Johnson pitched the 12th for his ninth save in 11 chances . The Brewers had runners on first	False
Jim Johnson pitched the 12th for his ninth save in 11 chances . The Brewers had runners on first and second	False
Jim Johnson pitched the 12th for his ninth save in 11 chances . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th	True
The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Jose Ramirez struck out Orlando Arcia to end the inning . Jim Johnson pitched the 12th	True
Jim Johnson pitched the 12th for his ninth save in 11 chances . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Neil Walker hit a two - run homer off Francisco Rodriguez in the ninth inning , and the Mets rallied for a 3 - 1 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Neil Walker hit a two - run homer off Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) , and Neil Walker added a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Addison Reed ( 3 - 2 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth	True
Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth for his 39th save in 45 chances , striking out the side for his 39th save . Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and one hit in one - third	True
Addison Reed ( 3 - 2 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth	True
Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth for his 39th save in 45 chances . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh	True
Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth for his 39th save in 45 chances . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Alejandro De Aza was hit by a pitch , stole second	False
Addison Reed ( 3 - 2 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth	True
Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth for his 39th save in 45 chances . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh	True
Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth for his 39th save in 45 chances . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Alejandro De Aza was hit by a pitch , stole second	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Alejandro De Aza was hit by a pitch , stole second and scored on Walker 's two - out homer . Walker hit a two - run homer in the ninth	False
Walker hit a two - run homer in the ninth to give the Mets a 3 - 1 lead . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth	True
CHICAGO -- Manny Machado had a three - run homer and a three - run homer to help the Baltimore Orioles to a 10 - 2 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night . Machado hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the third	True
Machado hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the third . He also hit a three - run shot in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the third	True
He also hit a three - run shot in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the third . He also hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the third	False
He also hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the third . Machado also hit a three - run homer in the second inning , then added a two - run shot in the third	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . Machado hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the second	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . Machado hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the second , and Machado added a two - run shot in the third	True
Machado hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the second , and Machado added a two - run shot in the third to make it 10 - 0 . It was Machado 's third three - homer game of the season and second	False
He also hit a three - run shot in the ninth inning of Tuesday night 's 4 - 3 win over the Chicago White Sox . Machado hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the third	True
Machado hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the third . He added a two - run shot in the third	True
He added a two - run shot in the third to make it 10 - 0 . Machado hit a two - run homer in the third	True
He added a two - run shot in the third to make it 10 - 0 . Machado hit a two - run homer in the third , and Machado added a two - run shot in the third	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on RBI singles by Martin Prado and Dee Gordon and a run - scoring single by Dee Gordon . The Rockies took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth	True
The Rockies took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth on a run - scoring single by Martin Prado and a run - scoring single by Dee Gordon . The Rockies added three more in the sixth	True
He struck out nine and walked one . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . James Loney hit a run - scoring groundout in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . James Loney hit an RBI groundout in the ninth	True
The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last seven starts . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth	True
Travis Shaw and Travis Shaw also homered for the Red Sox , who won for just the second time in eight games . Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 3 ) struck out the side in the 11th	True
Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 3 ) struck out the side in the 11th for the win . Brad Ziegler pitched the 11th	True
Brad Ziegler pitched the 11th for his 21st save in 23 chances . Shawn Tazawa worked the eighth	True
He walked six and struck out six . Brad Ziegler pitched the 11th	True
He walked six and struck out six . Brad Ziegler pitched the 11th	True
He walked six and struck out six . Brad Ziegler pitched the 11th	True
He walked six and struck out six . Brad Ziegler pitched the 11th	True
He struck out six and walked one . Roberto Osuna struck out the side in the ninth	True
He is 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his last five starts . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Josh Donaldson . Tyler White hit an RBI double in the fifth	True
He has n't won since July 26 . Houston 's Tyler White hit an RBI double in the fifth	True
Houston 's Tyler White hit an RBI double in the fifth to cut the lead to 2 - 1 . The Blue Jays added a run in the eighth	False
Donn Roach ( 2 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing a run in two innings . Edwin Diaz worked the ninth	True
Donn Roach ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two innings for the win . Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI double by Aaron Hill . The Mariners made it 3 - 0 in the fourth	True
Votto had four hits and scored twice , and Tucker Barnhart hit a solo homer for the Reds , who have won four of five . Jumbo Diaz ( 1 - 1 ) escaped a bases - loaded , one - out jam in the ninth	True
Joey Votto had a career - high four hits and Tucker Barnhart hit a solo homer for the Reds . Jumbo Diaz ( 1 - 1 ) escaped a bases - loaded , one - out jam in the ninth	True
Joey Votto had a career - high four hits , including an RBI double in the first inning . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth	True
The Cardinals tied it in the sixth on Jedd Gyorko 's leadoff homer and Jhonny Peralta 's run - scoring double . Jumbo Diaz ( 1 - 1 ) escaped a bases - loaded , one - out jam in the ninth	True
Jumbo Diaz ( 1 - 1 ) escaped a bases - loaded , one - out jam in the ninth to earn the win . Tommy Pham tied it at 4 with a solo homer off Ross Ohlendorf in the eighth	True
Tommy Pham tied it at 4 with a solo homer off Ross Ohlendorf in the eighth . Tommy Pham tied it at 4 with a solo homer off Ross Ohlendorf in the eighth	False
He struck out four and walked one . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Steve Cishek ( 4 - 6 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth	True
Steve Cishek ( 4 - 6 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth	True
Steve Cishek ( 4 - 6 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Edwin Diaz got the final three outs for his major league - leading 18th save , despite giving up a run in the ninth	True
The Braves have lost six of seven . Mauricio Cabrera ( 5 - 1 ) got one out in the eighth	True
The Braves have lost six of seven . Mauricio Cabrera ( 5 - 1 ) got one out in the eighth , and Jim Johnson gave up an RBI single to Aaron Altherr with two outs in the ninth	False
Mauricio Cabrera ( 5 - 1 ) got one out in the eighth , and Jim Johnson gave up an RBI single to Aaron Altherr with two outs in the ninth . Mauricio Cabrera ( 5 - 1 ) got one out in the eighth	False
Mauricio Cabrera ( 5 - 1 ) got one out in the eighth , and Jim Johnson gave up an RBI single to Aaron Altherr with two outs in the ninth . Mauricio Cabrera ( 5 - 1 ) got one out in the eighth , and Jim Johnson gave up an RBI single to Aaron Altherr with two outs in the ninth	False
Mauricio Cabrera ( 5 - 1 ) got one out in the eighth , and Jim Johnson gave up an RBI single to Aaron Altherr with two outs in the ninth . Mauricio Cabrera ( 5 - 1 ) got one out in the eighth	False
Mauricio Cabrera ( 5 - 1 ) got one out in the eighth for the win . Jim Johnson gave up an RBI single to Aaron Altherr with two outs in the ninth	False
Jim Johnson gave up an RBI single to Aaron Altherr with two outs in the ninth before striking out pinch - hitter Darin Ruf to end the inning . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Aaron Altherr 's two - out RBI single . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Aaron Altherr 's two - out RBI single . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI single by Aaron Altherr . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
Freddie Freeman and Freddie Freeman also homered for the Braves , who have won four of five . Mauricio Cabrera ( 4 - 1 ) pitched out of a bases - loaded jam in the eighth	True
Mauricio Cabrera ( 4 - 1 ) pitched out of a bases - loaded jam in the eighth to earn the win . Jim Johnson worked a perfect ninth	True
Howard hit a three - run homer off Julio Teheran in the first inning . He also had a run - scoring double in the second	True
Howard hit a three - run homer off Julio Teheran in the first inning . He also had a run - scoring double in the second and a two - out RBI double in the second	True
He also had a run - scoring double in the second and a two - out RBI double in the second . Howard hit a three - run homer in the sixth	True
Howard hit a three - run homer in the sixth to pull the Phillies to 6 - 5 , but the Phillies tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out single by Nick Markakis and pinch - hitter Emilio Bonifacio 's pinch - hit RBI single . The Phillies added a run in the eighth	True
He walked one and struck out one . Buster Posey hit a two - run double in the fifth	True
Buster Posey hit a two - run double in the fifth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Buster Posey hit a two - run double in the fifth	False
Buster Posey hit a two - run double in the fifth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Buster Posey hit a two - run double in the fifth	False
Buster Posey hit a two - run double in the fifth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Buster Posey hit a two - run double in the fifth	False
Buster Posey hit a two - run double in the fifth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Buster Posey hit a two - run double in the fifth	False
Buster Posey hit a two - run double in the fifth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Buster Posey hit a two - run double in the fifth	False
Sean Rodriguez homered and drove in three runs , Chad Kuhl pitched six strong innings and the Pirates beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Rodriguez hit a two - run single in the first inning and Andrew McCutchen added a solo homer in the fourth	True
He struck out six and walked one . Tony Watson pitched the ninth	True
Sanchez homered twice and drove in five runs , Masahiro Tanaka pitched six innings to lead the Yankees to an 11 - 5 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Sanchez hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the ninth	True
Sanchez hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the ninth . He also hit a three - run shot in the second inning and added a two - run homer in the ninth	False
Cobb ( 1 - 1 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in 1 1/3 innings . Evan Longoria and Bobby Wilson hit back - to - back home runs in the third	True
The right - hander was coming off a complete - game victory over Tampa Bay in which he gave up seven runs in 4 1/3 innings . Cobb was replaced by Justin Marks , who gave up a solo homer to Sanchez in the sixth	True
Cobb was replaced by Justin Marks , who gave up a solo homer to Sanchez in the sixth . Cobb was replaced by Steve Geltz , who gave up a run - scoring single to Mason Williams in the ninth	True
Cobb was replaced by Steve Geltz , who gave up a run - scoring single to Mason Williams in the ninth . Sanchez hit a two - run homer off Justin Marks in the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out one . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by DJ LeMahieu . The Rockies tied it in the second	True
The Rockies tied it in the second when Jeremy Hazelbaker led off with a double and scored on Kolten Wong 's sacrifice fly . The Rockies tied it in the second	True
The Rockies tied it in the second when Jeremy Hazelbaker led off with a double and scored on Kolten Wong 's sacrifice fly . The Rockies tied it in the second	True
The Rockies tied it in the second when Jeremy Hazelbaker led off with a double and scored on Kolten Wong 's sacrifice fly . The Rockies tied it in the second	True
The Rockies tied it in the second when Jeremy Hazelbaker led off with a double and scored on Kolten Wong 's sacrifice fly . The Rockies tied it in the second	True
The Rockies tied it in the second when Jeremy Hazelbaker led off with a double and scored on Kolten Wong 's sacrifice fly . The Rockies tied it in the second	True
Freeman had four hits , including a two - run homer , and Dansby Swanson had three hits and three RBI as the Braves won for the seventh time in nine games . Freeman had four hits , including a two - run double in the fourth	True
Freeman had four hits , including a two - run homer , and Dansby Swanson had three hits and three RBI as the Braves won for the seventh time in nine games . Freeman had four hits , including a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run single in the seventh	True
Freeman had four hits , including a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run single in the seventh that made it 7 - 2. T. J. Rivera hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
BOSTON -- Hanley Ramirez hit a pair of three - run homers , and the Boston Red Sox rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning and added a solo shot in the seventh	True
Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning and added a solo shot in the seventh . He also hit a three - run shot in the fifth inning and added a solo shot in the seventh	False
He also hit a three - run shot in the fifth inning and added a solo shot in the seventh . Robby Scott ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs in the seventh	True
Robby Scott ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs in the seventh for the win . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out five . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Didi Gregorius . The Yankees made it 4 - 0 in the fourth	True
The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Freddie Freeman 's RBI single . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Freddie Freeman 's RBI single . The Nationals cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the sixth	True
The Nationals cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the sixth on Jayson Werth 's RBI double and Bryce Harper 's run - scoring single . The Nationals cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the sixth	False
Wisler allowed two runs on five hits and no walks in 5 2/3 innings . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out single by Garcia . The Nationals added two runs in the fourth	True
Mike Dunn ( 4 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . A. J. Ramos pitched the ninth	True
Mike Dunn ( 4 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . A. J. Ramos pitched the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out four . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Tommy Joseph and a run - scoring single by Tommy Joseph . The Phillies cut the deficit to 3 - 2 in the fifth	True
He struck out five , walked none and threw 64 of 64 pitches for strikes . Luis Avilan ( 2 - 0 ) struck out three in 1 1/3 innings for the win and Kenley Jansen struck out the side in the ninth	True
Luis Avilan ( 2 - 0 ) struck out three in 1 1/3 innings for the win and Kenley Jansen struck out the side in the ninth for his 44th save . Betances ( 3 - 5 ) threw a wild pitch , allowing two unearned runs in the ninth	True
Luis Avilan ( 2 - 0 ) struck out three in 1 1/3 innings for the win . Kenley Jansen struck out the side in the ninth	True
Kenley Jansen struck out the side in the ninth for his 44th save in 47 chances . Betances ( 3 - 5 ) allowed two unearned runs in the ninth	True
Betances ( 3 - 5 ) allowed two unearned runs in the ninth . Betances ( 3 - 5 ) allowed two unearned runs in the ninth	False
Betances ( 3 - 5 ) allowed two unearned runs in the ninth . Betances ( 3 - 5 ) allowed two unearned runs in the ninth	False
Betances ( 3 - 5 ) threw a wild pitch , allowing two unearned runs to make it 1 - 0 . Betances ( 3 - 5 ) was charged with two unearned runs in the ninth	True
Betances ( 3 - 5 ) threw a wild pitch , allowing two unearned runs to make it 1 - 0 . Betances ( 3 - 5 ) was charged with two unearned runs in the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Tony Cingrani gave up a two - run homer by Chris Carter in the ninth	True
The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . Votto 's homer was the first	False
T. J. Rivera homered and drove in three runs , T. J. Rivera homered and drove in three runs and T. J. Rivera homered and drove in three runs for the Mets . Jeurys Familia ( 3 - 3 ) got the win despite giving up two runs -- one earned -- in the 10th	True
T. J. Rivera homered and drove in three runs for the Mets , who have won four of five . Jeurys Familia ( 3 - 3 ) gave up two runs -- one earned -- and three hits in a shaky ninth	True
T. J. Rivera homered and drove in three runs for the Mets , who have won four of five . Jeurys Familia ( 3 - 3 ) got the win despite allowing two runs -- one earned -- in the ninth	True
The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals scored in the second	True
Joe Mauer homered for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Colon ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Joe Colon ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
Brian Dozier drove in the Twins ' first run with a two - out double in the second inning . Buxton hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He struck out four and walked two . Buxton hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He struck out three , walked two and hit a batter . Derek Norris hit a three - run homer in the eighth	True
Trevor Bauer ( 11 - 6 ) allowed five runs and seven hits in five innings for the Indians . Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his 26th save in 30 chances . Colby Rasmus hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Trevor Bauer ( 11 - 6 ) gave up five runs and seven hits in five - plus innings . Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
Morneau hit a go - ahead single in the eighth inning and the White Sox rallied for a 7 - 4 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . The White Sox trailed 4 - 3 entering the eighth	True
Morneau hit a go - ahead single in the eighth inning and the White Sox rallied for a 7 - 4 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . The White Sox trailed 4 - 3 entering the eighth , but Justin Upton hit a three - run homer off Chris Beck ( 2 - 0 ) in the second inning and Jose Iglesias added an RBI double in the seventh	True
Chris Beck ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . David Robertson pitched the ninth	True
Chris Beck ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . David Robertson pitched the ninth	True
David Robertson pitched the ninth for his 35th save in 38 chances . The White Sox took a 4 - 3 lead in the seventh	True
Nick Markakis had three hits for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Jace Peterson hit a two - out RBI double in the second	True
He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
Sano had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in five runs , and Phil Hughes ( 4 - 1 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . Brandon Kintzler gave up a solo homer to Lorenzo Cain in the ninth	True
Whit Merrifield and Lorenzo Cain hit back - to - back home runs off Hughes ( 4 - 1 ) , who allowed four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings . Brandon Kintzler gave up a solo homer to Lorenzo Cain in the ninth	True
Brandon Kintzler gave up a solo homer to Lorenzo Cain in the ninth , but still earned his seventh save in as many chances . The Royals scored three runs in the second	True
He struck out six and walked three . Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked three . Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his sixth save in six chances . Nelson Cruz hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He walked three and struck out five . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Ariel Miranda ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and two hits in 5 1/3 innings , striking out seven and walking two . Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth	True
Ariel Miranda ( 2 - 2 ) gave up one run and two hits in 5 1/3 innings . Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked none . Jose Ramirez hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Aaron Hicks doubled and scored on Holliday 's sacrifice fly . The Yankees made it 1 - 0 in the fourth	True
Josh Tomlin ( 1 - 3 ) gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Josh Reddick had a two - run single in the fifth	True
Josh Reddick drove in three runs for the Astros , who have won four of five . Josh Reddick had a two - run single in the fifth	True
Dellin Betances ( 2 - 1 ) retired the only batter he faced to earn the win . Aroldis Chapman worked the eighth	True
Dellin Betances ( 2 - 1 ) retired the only batter he faced to earn the win . Aroldis Chapman worked the eighth	True
Corey Seager had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in three runs for Los Angeles . The Dodgers tied it at 4 in the sixth	True
The Dodgers tied it at 4 in the sixth on a two - out RBI single by Andrew Toles . The Dodgers tied it at 4 in the sixth	False
The Dodgers tied it at 4 in the sixth on a two - out RBI single by Andrew Toles . The Dodgers tied it at 4 in the sixth	False
ST. PETERSBURG , Fla. -- Evan Longoria had three hits and drove in three runs , and the Tampa Bay Rays rallied to beat the Detroit Tigers 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Longoria 's RBI single in the seventh inning off Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) gave the Rays a 6 - 5 lead , and Steven Souza Jr. drove in three runs with a bases - loaded triple in the ninth	True
Morton ( 1 - 1 ) allowed five hits and two walks while striking out three in five - plus innings . Ken Giles pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Angels had a chance to score in the second	True
The Angels had a chance to score in the second , loading the bases with one out , but Morton escaped the jam by striking out Ben Revere and getting C. J. Cron to ground into a double play . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when George Springer doubled with one out and scored on a single by Altuve . The Astros added a run in the third	True
The Astros added a run in the third when Evan Gattis doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Altuve . Altuve hit an RBI double in the eighth	True
Walker ( 2 - 1 ) gave up one run and four hits in five innings , struck out seven and walked one . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Walker ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and four hits in five innings , struck out seven and walked one . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out two . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
He walked two and struck out two . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
Avisail Garcia had four hits , including a two - run homer in the 10th inning off Ryan Pressly ( 0 - 2 ) . Nate Jones ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Avisail Garcia had four hits , including a two - run homer in the 10th inning off Ryan Pressly ( 0 - 2 ) . Nate Jones ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win and David Robertson worked a perfect 10th	True
Nate Jones ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win and David Robertson worked a perfect 10th for his third save . Nate Jones ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	False
Nate Jones ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . David Robertson pitched a perfect 10th	True
He struck out five and walked three . David Robertson pitched a perfect 10th	True
Mancini hit a pair of three - run homers , Dylan Bundy pitched six scoreless innings and the Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 11 - 4 on Tuesday night . Mancini hit a three - run homer in the sixth inning and added a two - run drive in the eighth	True
Mancini hit a three - run homer in the sixth inning and added a two - run drive in the eighth . He also had a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Mancini hit a three - run homer in the sixth inning and added a two - run drive in the eighth . He also had a sacrifice fly in the sixth and a two - run homer in the eighth	False
He also had a sacrifice fly in the sixth and a two - run homer in the eighth . Baltimore 's Kevin Pillar hit a two - run homer off Vidal Nuno in the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked three . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The right - hander struck out four and walked three . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Justin Turner 's two - out RBI single and a two - run double by Justin Turner . The Dodgers increased the margin to 4 - 0 in the fourth	True
It was Freeman 's first career four - hit game , and he also hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning to give the Pirates a 4 - 2 lead . Freeman had four hits , including a solo homer off Antonio Bastardo in the seventh	True
It was Freeman 's first career four - hit game , and he also hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning to give the Pirates a 4 - 2 lead . Freeman had four hits , including a solo homer off Antonio Bastardo in the seventh , and Freddie Freeman went 4 for 5 with two homers , including a solo shot off Antonio Bastardo in the seventh	True
He struck out four and walked two . Freddie Freeman went 4 - for - 5 with two homers , including a solo shot off Antonio Bastardo in the seventh	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Nick Markakis and a run - scoring single by Tyler Flowers . The Pirates tied it in the fourth	True
The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Nick Markakis and a run - scoring single by Tyler Flowers . The Pirates tied it in the fourth when Marte singled , stole second	False
The Pirates tied it in the fourth when Marte singled , stole second and scored on Jordy Mercer 's single . The Pirates tied it in the fourth	True
The Pirates tied it in the fourth on a two - out RBI double by Jordy Mercer and a run - scoring single by Jordy Mercer . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the fourth	True
Hendricks ( 1 - 0 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings , striking out six and walking one . He also had two hits , including a two - run double in the third	True
Hendricks ( 1 - 0 ) allowed four runs and five hits in six innings , striking out six and walking one . He also had two hits , including a two - run double in the third	True
He also had two hits , including a two - run double in the third . Jett Bandy hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Jett Bandy hit a two - run homer in the fourth for Milwaukee , which has lost four of five . Jett Bandy hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Jett Bandy hit a two - run homer in the fourth for Milwaukee , which has lost four of five . Jett Bandy hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Jett Bandy hit a two - run homer in the fourth for Milwaukee , which has lost four of five . Jett Bandy hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Zimmermann ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , striking out three and walking one . Justin Wilson pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Jackie Bradley Jr. 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Jackie Bradley Jr. 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Jackie Bradley Jr. 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Jackie Bradley Jr. 's sacrifice fly . Boston tied it in the third	False
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.99 ERA in his last four starts . Tony Watson pitched a perfect ninth	True
Nova ( 1 - 0 ) allowed six hits , struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Tony Watson pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked three and struck out one . The Braves scored three runs in the eighth	True
The Braves scored three runs in the eighth off relievers Wade LeBlanc and Daniel Hudson . Tony Watson pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked three and struck out one . The Braves scored three runs in the eighth	True
Wade LeBlanc gave up a two - run single to Ender Inciarte and a two - run single to Ender Inciarte . Tony Watson pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out five , walked five and hit a batter with a pitch . The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Miguel Sano and a fielder 's choice by Escobar . The Royals got a run back in the fourth	True
The Royals took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Miguel Sano and a fielder 's choice by Escobar . The Royals got a run back in the fourth on Paulo Orlando 's two - out RBI single , but the Twins did n't get another hit until the seventh	True
The Royals got a run back in the fourth on Paulo Orlando 's two - out RBI single , but the Twins did n't get another hit until the seventh , when Paulo Orlando hit a two - out RBI single to make it 3 - 1 . Castro walked in the second	True
MIAMI -- Marcell Ozuna hit two home runs , Dan Straily struck out 10 in 6 2/3 innings and the Miami Marlins beat the Philadelphia Phillies 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Bour hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the sixth	True
Bour hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the sixth to help the Marlins win for the sixth time in seven games . Bour hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) and added a two - run shot in the sixth	True
Bour hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) and added a two - run shot in the sixth . Bour hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) and added a two - run shot in the sixth	False
Bour hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) and added a two - run shot in the sixth . Bour hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) and added a two - run shot in the sixth	False
Bour hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) and added a two - run shot in the sixth . Bour hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) and added a two - run shot in the sixth	False
Bour hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) and added a two - run shot in the sixth . Bour hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) and added a two - run shot in the sixth	False
Bour hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) and added a two - run shot in the sixth . Bour hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the sixth	False
Bour hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the sixth off reliever Ricardo Pinto . Bour hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Bour hit a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 10 - 1 . Bour hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Bour hit a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 10 - 1 . Bour hit a two - run homer in the first off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) and added a run - scoring single in the fourth	True
Bour hit a two - run homer in the first off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) and added a run - scoring single in the fourth . Bour hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Cardinals scored in the fourth	True
Strasburg ( 6 - 1 ) allowed three hits , walked one and threw 76 of 108 pitches for strikes . Koda Glover pitched the ninth	True
McCutchen 's two - run homer in the second tied it 2 - 2 . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the second	True
McCutchen 's two - run homer in the second tied it 2 - 2 . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the second on a two - run homer by McCutchen , a two - run shot by McCutchen and a two - run shot by McCutchen in the second	True
McCutchen 's two - run homer in the second tied the game 2 - 2 . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the second	True
The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the second on a two - run homer by McCutchen . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the second	False
The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the second on a two - run homer by McCutchen . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the second	False
The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the second on a two - run homer by McCutchen . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the second	False
The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the second on a two - run homer by McCutchen . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the second on a two - run homer by McCutchen , his third	False
Chase Utley drove in three runs and Chris Taylor hit a two - run homer for the Dodgers . Chase Utley drove in three runs and Chris Taylor hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Ross Stripling pitched three scoreless innings for his first career save . Chase Utley drove in three runs and Chris Taylor hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Manaea ( 3 - 3 ) struck out eight and walked one in his second start since coming off the disabled list . Ryan Madson struck out two in a perfect eighth	True
Manaea ( 3 - 3 ) struck out eight and walked one in his second start since coming off the disabled list . Ryan Madson struck out two in a perfect eighth , and Ryan Madson struck out two in a perfect eighth	False
He walked four and struck out two . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run single by Charlie Blackmon and a sacrifice fly by Gerardo Parra . The Rockies had runners on first	False
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run single by Charlie Blackmon and a sacrifice fly by Gerardo Parra . The Rockies had runners on first and second	False
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run single by Charlie Blackmon and a sacrifice fly by Gerardo Parra . The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Chatwood struck out Aaron Altherr and Tommy Joseph to end the threat . The Phillies had runners on first	False
The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Chatwood struck out Aaron Altherr and Tommy Joseph to end the threat . The Phillies had runners on first and second	False
The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Chatwood struck out Aaron Altherr and Tommy Joseph to end the threat . The Phillies had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
The Phillies had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Chatwood struck out Aaron Altherr and Tommy Joseph to end the threat . The Phillies had runners on first	False
The Phillies had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Chatwood struck out Aaron Altherr and Tommy Joseph to end the threat . The Phillies had runners on first and second	False
The Phillies had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Chatwood struck out Aaron Altherr and Tommy Joseph to end the threat . The Phillies had runners on first and second with one out in the third	False
The Phillies had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Chatwood struck out Aaron Altherr and Tommy Joseph to end the threat . The Rockies had runners on first	False
The Phillies had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Chatwood struck out Aaron Altherr and Tommy Joseph to end the threat . The Rockies had runners on first and third	False
The Phillies had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Chatwood struck out Aaron Altherr and Tommy Joseph to end the threat . The Rockies had runners on first and third with one out in the seventh	True
Yangervis Solarte drove in three runs and Hunter Renfroe homered for the Padres , who have won four of five . Ryan Buchter ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Rizzo homered twice and drove in two runs , Kyle Hendricks pitched seven strong innings and the Cubs beat the San Francisco Giants 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Rizzo hit a solo homer in the second	True
Rizzo homered twice and drove in two runs , Kyle Hendricks pitched seven strong innings and the Cubs beat the San Francisco Giants 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Rizzo hit a solo homer in the second and a solo shot in the fourth	True
It was Rizzo 's second multi - homer game of the season and first since July 8 , 2011 , at San Francisco . Rizzo also hit a solo homer in the second	True
It was Rizzo 's second multi - homer game of the season and first since July 8 , 2011 , at San Francisco . Rizzo also hit a solo homer in the second and a two - run shot in the ninth	True
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Wade Davis gave up a two - run homer to Mac Williamson in the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked three . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out seven , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
In the bottom half , Dozier hit a 1 - 1 pitch into the left - field seats . It was his third homer of the season and second	False
He struck out seven , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . The Orioles went up 1 - 0 in the fifth	True
Rendon homered twice and drove in five runs , Joe Ross pitched eight innings of five - hit ball and the Nationals beat the Seattle Mariners 10 - 1 on Tuesday night . Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a three - run shot in the fourth	True
Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a three - run shot in the fourth . He also had a two - run homer in the second inning and a three - run shot in the fourth	True
He also hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning of Tuesday night 's 4 - 3 win over the Mariners . Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a three - run shot in the fourth	True
Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a three - run shot in the fourth off Christian Bergman ( 1 - 2 ) to give the Nationals a 10 - 0 lead . Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a three - run shot in the fourth off Christian Bergman ( 1 - 2 ) to give the Nationals a 10 - 0 lead . Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second and a three - run shot in the fourth	False
Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second and a three - run shot in the fourth off Christian Bergman ( 1 - 2 ) to give the Nationals a 10 - 0 lead . Rendon hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second and a three - run shot in the fourth off Christian Bergman ( 1 - 2 ) to give the Nationals a 10 - 0 lead . Rendon hit a solo homer in the sixth and a three - run shot in the fourth	False
He struck out seven and walked four . Keone Kela pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Ian Kinsler led off the bottom of the first	True
Castillo hit a three - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Orioles beat the Toronto Blue Jays 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning and a three - run drive in the seventh	True
Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning and a three - run drive in the seventh off Danny Barnes ( 0 - 2 ) , who allowed four hits and five walks in 5 1/3 innings . Mychal Givens ( 5 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a three - run homer to Jose Bautista in the seventh	True
Mychal Givens ( 5 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a three - run homer to Jose Bautista in the seventh . Brad Brach pitched a perfect ninth	True
Brad Brach pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save . Bautista hit a three - run homer off Mychal Givens ( 5 - 0 ) in the top of the seventh	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning when Kevin Pillar doubled and scored on a double - play grounder . The Blue Jays pulled to 4 - 2 in the sixth	True
It was his first home run since May 8 . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with no outs in the fifth	True
Anthony Rizzo hit a two - run single in the second inning , Kyle Hendricks pitched six solid innings and the Cubs beat the Cincinnati Reds 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Kyle Hendricks ( 3 - 2 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , and Wade Davis pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked three and struck out four . The Reds scored three times in the second	True
He struck out four and walked three . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Eugenio Suarez . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Eugenio Suarez . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Eugenio Suarez . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
He struck out five and walked two . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Red Sox scored three runs in the third	True
He struck out four and walked one . Betts hit a solo homer in the first	True
He struck out four and walked one . Betts hit a solo homer in the first , his first	False
He struck out four and walked one . Betts hit a solo homer in the first , his first of the season , and Bradley 's solo shot in the second	True
He walked none and struck out three . Roberto Osuna worked the eighth	True
Miami went 0 for 7 with runners in scoring position . The Marlins ' Derek Dietrich homered in the fourth	True
Miami went 0 for 7 with runners in scoring position . The Marlins ' Derek Dietrich homered in the fourth , his first	False
Miami went 0 for 7 with runners in scoring position . The Marlins ' Derek Dietrich homered in the fourth , his first of the season , and added a two - run homer in the seventh	True
The Marlins ' Derek Dietrich homered in the fourth , his first of the season , and added a two - run homer in the seventh . The Marlins scored twice in the seventh	True
The Marlins scored twice in the seventh to make it 6 - 1 . Nick Markakis led off with a single , stole second	False
Nick Markakis led off with a single , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Brandon Phillips to make it 4 - 1 . The Marlins added two more runs in the seventh	True
The Marlins added two more runs in the seventh on a two - run single by Brandon Phillips and a two - run single by Flowers . Miami 's Derek Dietrich homered in the bottom of the ninth	False
Miami 's Derek Dietrich homered in the bottom of the ninth off Ian Krol , who blew a save for the first time this season . Miami 's Derek Dietrich homered in the bottom of the fourth	True
Miami 's Derek Dietrich homered in the bottom of the ninth off Ian Krol , who blew a save for the first time this season . Miami 's Derek Dietrich homered in the bottom of the fourth to cut the deficit to 2 - 1 , but the Braves scored twice in the seventh	True
Wandy Peralta ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth	True
Wandy Peralta ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth	True
He struck out two and walked one . The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
He struck out two and walked one . The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Brandon Belt 's solo home run , his first	False
The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on Brandon Belt 's solo home run , his first of the season . The Giants tied it in the fourth	True
Musgrove ( 2 - 3 ) allowed four hits and two runs with four strikeouts in six innings for his first win in four starts . Ken Giles pitched a perfect ninth	True
Jaime Garcia ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings for the Braves , who have lost four of five . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI double by Yuli Gurriel . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI double by Yuli Gurriel . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Jose Altuve walked and scored on a two - out double by Yuli Gurriel . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Jose Altuve walked and scored on a two - out double by Correa . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI double by Yuli Gurriel . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Jose Altuve walked with two outs and scored on a double by Correa to make it 1 - 0 . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
He struck out seven and walked five . Bud Norris pitched the ninth	True
Bud Norris pitched the ninth for his sixth save . Yonder Alonso hit two home runs for the A 's , including a two - run shot in the first	True
He struck out seven and walked five . Bud Norris pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . Greg Holland worked a perfect ninth	True
He struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Valaika 's first homer of the season , a drive to left - center . The Rockies added two more runs in the sixth	True
He struck out five and walked three . Greg Holland worked a perfect ninth	True
He struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Valaika hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Walker into the left - field bleachers for his third homer of the season . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
-- Francisco Lindor hit a tiebreaking homer in the ninth inning , and the Cleveland Indians beat the Kansas City Royals 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Lindor hit a solo homer off Kelvin Herrera ( 1 - 1 ) with two outs in the ninth	True
Lindor hit a solo homer off Kelvin Herrera ( 1 - 1 ) with two outs in the ninth to give the Indians a 2 - 1 lead . Andrew Miller ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Andrew Miller ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
Carlos Santana and Carlos Santana hit solo home runs for the Indians , who have won four of five . Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Andrew Miller ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Andrew Miller ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
Adleman ( 1 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits with five strikeouts and a walk . Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth	True
SEATTLE -- Jean Segura 's first home run of the season came on a 2 - 1 pitch from Angels starter Ricky Nolasco in the fifth inning , and the Seattle Mariners rallied for an 8 - 7 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Segura hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning and a two - run double in the eighth	True
Edwin Diaz got the final three outs for his fifth save in six chances , despite giving up a two - run homer to Mike Trout . Jean Machi ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Jean Machi ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Edwin Diaz got the final three outs for his fifth save in six chances , despite giving up a two - run homer to Mike Trout in the ninth	True
Edwin Diaz got the final three outs for his fifth save in six chances , despite giving up a two - run homer to Mike Trout in the ninth . Jean Machi ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Jean Machi ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for his first major league win . Edwin Diaz pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Mariners scored three times in the sixth	True
Kole Calhoun hit a two - run homer and Andrelton Simmons drove in a run with a sacrifice fly . Trout hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Steve Pearce had four hits for the Blue Jays , including a solo homer in the seventh	True
He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Steve Pearce had four hits for the Blue Jays , including a solo homer in the seventh	True
The right - hander struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Blue Jays jumped on Latos for five runs in the second	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.62 ERA in his last four starts . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Giants tied it in the bottom half on pinch - hitter Chris Taylor 's RBI single . The Giants tied it in the bottom of the first	True
The Giants tied it in the bottom of the first on pinch - hitter Chris Taylor 's RBI single . The Giants tied it in the bottom of the first	False
The Giants tied it in the bottom of the first on pinch - hitter Chris Taylor 's RBI single . The Giants tied it in the bottom of the first	False
Jorge Bonifacio hit a two - run homer , Jorge Bonifacio hit a two - run shot and the Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Bonifacio 's two - run homer in the fourth inning gave the Royals a 2 - 1 lead , and Eric Hosmer added a two - run homer in the seventh	True
He walked two and struck out two . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the fourth	True
The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the fourth , but Vargas got Melky Cabrera to ground into a double play . The Royals loaded the bases with one out in the fifth	True
He struck out three and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jorge Soler 's RBI single , and Gordon 's two - run homer in the fourth made it 3 - 0 . Jorge Soler 's RBI double made it 5 - 0 in the fourth	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jorge Soler 's RBI single , and Gordon 's two - run homer in the fourth made it 3 - 0 . Jorge Soler 's RBI double made it 5 - 0 in the fourth , and Gordon 's RBI double made it 5 - 0 in the fourth	False
Jorge Soler 's RBI double made it 5 - 0 in the fourth , and Gordon 's RBI double made it 5 - 0 in the fourth . The Royals added a run in the eighth	False
The Royals added a run in the eighth on an RBI double by Jorge Soler and a run - scoring single by Jorge Soler . Kansas City added a run in the ninth	True
Kansas City added a run in the ninth on Jorge Soler 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Jorge Soler . The Royals added a run in the ninth	False
The Royals added a run in the ninth on Jorge Soler 's RBI double , and Jorge Soler 's RBI single . Jorge Soler had an RBI groundout in the eighth	True
He struck out six and walked one . Jim Johnson worked the ninth	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Keon Broxton doubled and scored on Hernan Perez 's fielder 's choice . The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the first	True
The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the first on Tyler Flowers ' two - out RBI single . The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the first	False
The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the first on Tyler Flowers ' two - out RBI single . The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the first	False
The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the first on Tyler Flowers ' two - out RBI single . The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the first	False
The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the first on Tyler Flowers ' two - out RBI single . The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the first	False
The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the first on Tyler Flowers ' two - out RBI single . The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the first	False
He struck out eight and walked two . The A 's took a 3 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
Matt Adams hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning , and Matt Kemp added a two - run shot in the bottom of the inning to give the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . Luke Jackson ( 2 - 0 ) got two outs in the 11th	True
Luke Jackson ( 2 - 0 ) got two outs in the 11th to earn the win . Jim Johnson gave up Hunter Pence 's tying homer in the ninth	True
Luke Jackson ( 2 - 0 ) got two outs in the 11th to earn the win . Jim Johnson gave up Hunter Pence 's tying homer in the ninth , but the Giants tied it in the ninth	False
Jim Johnson gave up Hunter Pence 's tying homer in the ninth , but the Giants tied it in the ninth on Hunter Pence 's solo homer off Jim Johnson . Luke Jackson ( 2 - 0 ) got two outs in the 11th	False
Luke Jackson ( 2 - 0 ) got two outs in the 11th to earn the win . Jim Johnson gave up Hunter Pence 's tying homer in the ninth	True
Luke Jackson ( 2 - 0 ) got two outs in the 11th to earn the win . Jim Johnson gave up Hunter Pence 's tying homer in the ninth , but the Giants rallied to tie it 3 - 2 in the top of the ninth	False
Jim Johnson gave up Hunter Pence 's tying homer in the ninth , but the Giants rallied to tie it 3 - 2 in the top of the ninth . Hunter Pence hit a solo homer off Jim Johnson in the ninth	True
It was Johnson 's first career walk - off homer . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Brandon Belt 's RBI triple off Newcomb . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Brandon Belt 's RBI triple off Newcomb , who allowed three hits and one run in six innings . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out triple by Brandon Belt . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
Ervin Santana ( 9 - 4 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings for the Twins , who have won four of five . Jose Abreu homered and had three hits , including a two - run shot in the third	True
Ervin Santana ( 9 - 4 ) allowed six runs and 10 hits in five innings for the Twins , who have won four of five . Brandon Kintzler pitched a perfect ninth	True
Ervin Santana ( 9 - 4 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings for the Twins , who have won four of five . Brandon Kintzler pitched a perfect ninth	True
Brandon Kintzler pitched a perfect ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . Abreu hit a two - run homer in the third	True
It was Vargas ' first home run since July 26 . The White Sox scored three runs in the third	True
Gary Sanchez homered for the Yankees , who lost for the fourth time in five games . Blake Parker ( 3 - 2 ) got the win despite giving up a solo homer to Gary Sanchez in the sixth	True
Gary Sanchez homered for the Yankees , who lost for the fourth time in five games . Gary Sanchez hit his first home run for New York , a solo shot in the fifth	True
Gary Sanchez hit his first home run for New York , a solo shot in the fifth that tied the score at 3 - 3 . Gary Sanchez hit his first home run of the season in the fifth	True
Gary Sanchez hit his first home run of the season in the fifth , a solo shot that tied the score at 3 - all . Gary Sanchez hit his first home run of the season in the fifth	True
Gary Sanchez hit his first home run of the season in the fifth , a solo shot that tied the score at 3 - 3 . The Angels took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out six , walked two and hit a batter . Addison Reed worked the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brian Goodwin reached on an error by third baseman Wilmer Flores , stole second	False
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brian Goodwin reached on an error by third baseman Wilmer Flores , stole second and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Puig homered twice and drove in three runs , Hyun-Jin Ryu pitched five solid innings and the Dodgers beat the Cincinnati Reds 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Puig hit a two - run homer in the third inning and a solo shot in the sixth	True
Puig hit a two - run homer in the third inning and a solo shot in the sixth . He also had a solo shot in the sixth	True
Puig hit a two - run homer in the third inning and a solo shot in the sixth . He also had a solo shot in the sixth and a solo home run in the eighth	False
He struck out seven and walked two . Joc Pederson hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Thames hit a two - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning , lifting the Milwaukee Brewers to a 6 - 4 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Thames hit a two - run homer off Seung Hwan Oh ( 1 - 3 ) with two outs in the ninth	True
Thames hit a two - run homer off Seung Hwan Oh ( 1 - 3 ) with two outs in the ninth . Carlos Torres ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
Carlos Torres ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win . Oliver Drake pitched the ninth	True
Oliver Drake pitched the ninth for his first career save . Carlos Torres ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Carlos Torres ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Oliver Drake pitched the ninth	True
Oliver Drake pitched the ninth for his first career save . Carlos Torres ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Carlos Torres ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Oliver Drake pitched the ninth	True
Dexter Fowler hit a two - run homer for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Carlos Torres ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Carlos Torres ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Oliver Drake pitched the ninth	True
Dexter Fowler hit a two - run homer for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . The Cardinals tied it at 4 in the fifth	True
The Cardinals tied it at 4 in the fifth on Stephen Piscotty 's RBI single and Aledmys Diaz 's run - scoring single . The Cardinals tied it in the fifth	True
The Cardinals tied it in the fifth on Stephen Piscotty 's RBI single and Aledmys Diaz 's run - scoring single . The Cardinals tied it in the fifth	False
The Cardinals tied it in the fifth on Stephen Piscotty 's RBI single and Aledmys Diaz 's run - scoring single . The Cardinals tied it in the fifth	False
DJ LeMahieu had a career - high four hits and Raimel Tapia drove in two runs for the Rockies , who took two of three from the defending World Series champions . Buster Posey hit a three - run homer in the eighth	True
Buster Posey hit a three - run homer in the eighth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Greg Holland ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a run in the ninth	True
Greg Holland ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a run in the ninth before striking out Brandon Crawford to end the game . Brandon Crawford had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Buster Posey had three hits for the Giants , including a three - run homer off Scott Oberg in the eighth	True
Brandon Crawford had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Buster Posey had three hits for the Giants , including a three - run homer off Scott Oberg in the eighth . Greg Holland ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a run in the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out two . The Giants took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Giants took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Ian Desmond and a run - scoring single by Ian Desmond . Posey 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 in the second	True
Posey 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 in the second . The Giants took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Giants took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Ian Desmond and a run - scoring single by Ian Desmond . Posey 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 in the second	True
Posey 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 in the second . The Giants took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Giants took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Ian Desmond and a run - scoring single by Ian Desmond . Posey 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 in the second	True
He walked five and struck out two . Trey Mancini hit a three - run homer in the eighth	True
He walked five and struck out two . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Judge hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning , and Didi Gregorius had a career - high four hits and drove in two runs for the Yankees . Tyler Clippard ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Tyler Clippard ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Dellin Betances struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked two . Dellin Betances struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked two . Dellin Betances struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked two . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
He struck out eight and walked two . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
CHICAGO -- Ben Zobrist and the Chicago Cubs are on a roll . Zobrist hit a three - run homer , Addison Russell added a solo shot in the eighth	True
Carl Edwards Jr. ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Wade Davis gave up a run in the ninth	True
Carl Edwards Jr. ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Wade Davis gave up a run in the ninth	True
Carl Edwards Jr. ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Wade Davis gave up a run in the ninth	True
Carl Edwards Jr. ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for the win . Wade Davis gave up a run in the ninth	True
Carl Edwards Jr. ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for the win . Wade Davis gave up a run in the ninth	True
He struck out two and walked one . Elvis Andrus hit a two - run triple in the eighth	True
He walked one and struck out a season - high 10 . Brian Goodwin 's first career leadoff homer gave the Nationals a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Brian Goodwin 's first career leadoff homer gave the Nationals a 1 - 0 lead in the first . The Nationals tied it in the third	True
The Nationals tied it in the third on Nomar Mazara 's sacrifice fly . Choo led off the third	True
The Nationals tied it in the third on Nomar Mazara 's sacrifice fly . Choo led off the third with a homer to left - center , his second	False
Fiers ( 4 - 2 ) struck out eight and walked two in 7 1/3 innings . Ken Giles pitched the ninth	True
He has n't won since April 26 . The Angels had a chance to take the lead in the sixth	True
He has n't won since April 26 . The Angels had a chance to take the lead in the sixth when Ben Revere reached on a fielder 's choice and stole second	False
But Fiers struck out C. J. Cron to end the inning . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
McCann 's homer in the second inning gave the Astros a 1 - 0 lead . The Angels added a run in the fifth	True
He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Roberto Osuna pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked five and struck out two . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Jarrod Dyson led off with a double and scored on a single by Kyle Seager . The Mariners tied it in the seventh	True
The Mariners tied it in the seventh when Jarrod Dyson led off with a double and scored on Kyle Seager 's single . Nelson Cruz led off the bottom of the seventh	False
Jake Marisnick hit a tiebreaking , two - run single in the ninth inning and the Astros rallied for a 6 - 1 victory over the Royals on Tuesday night . Jose Altuve hit a two - run homer off Kelvin Herrera ( 1 - 2 ) , and Jake Marisnick added a two - run single in the ninth	True
Jose Altuve hit a two - run homer off Kelvin Herrera ( 1 - 2 ) , and Jake Marisnick added a two - run single in the ninth . Will Harris ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
BALTIMORE -- Baltimore Orioles manager Buck Showalter was happy to see Jonathan Schoop hit a tying , two - run homer in the ninth inning . Jonathan Schoop tied it in the ninth	True
Chris Davis , Chris Davis and Seth Smith also homered for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Brad Brach ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Jordy Mercer followed with a run - scoring double , and John Jaso followed with a run - scoring double . The Pirates made it 3 - 1 in the second	True
Freese led off with a double and scored on a double by John Jaso . The Pirates took a 3 - 1 lead in the second	True
Freese led off with a double and scored on a single by John Jaso . The Pirates took a 3 - 1 lead in the second	True
Freese led off with a double and scored on a double by John Jaso . The Pirates took a 3 - 1 lead in the second	True
He struck out six and walked two . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out six and walked two . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Walker , his first	False
The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Walker , his first of the season . The Pirates tied it in the third	True
Chris Devenski ( 4 - 3 ) struck out three in 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Ken Giles gave up a run in the ninth	True
The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his past seven starts . Sean Doolittle pitched the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out six . Miami 's Dee Gordon extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first	True
Davidson hit a go - ahead homer in the eighth inning and the White Sox rallied from a five - run deficit to beat the Blue Jays 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . The White Sox trailed 6 - 0 in the eighth	True
The White Sox trailed 6 - 0 in the eighth before Roberto Osuna ( 3 - 2 ) struck out Kevan Smith to end the inning . Chris Beck ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Roberto Osuna ( 3 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . Chris Beck ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Josh Donaldson hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Darwin Barney hit a three - run double in the sixth	True
Darwin Barney hit a three - run double in the sixth for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Chris Beck ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Kendrys Morales led off with a double and scored on a two - out double by Barney . The White Sox made it 3 - 0 in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Kendrys Morales led off with a double and scored on a two - out double by Barney . The White Sox made it 3 - 0 in the fourth when Kendrys Morales singled , stole second	False
Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits for the Blue Jays , who have won four of five . Pujols hit a leadoff homer in the first	True
Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits , including a solo homer , and Ezequiel Carrera had three hits for the Blue Jays , who have won four of five . Pujols hit a leadoff homer in the first , his second leadoff homer of the season and fourth	False
Pujols hit a leadoff homer in the first , his second leadoff homer of the season and fourth of his career . He hit a two - run shot in the ninth	True
He hit a two - run shot in the ninth off Mike Bolsinger to give the Angels a 9 - 4 lead . Pujols hit a leadoff homer in the first	True
Pujols hit a leadoff homer in the first and a solo drive in the bottom half , but the Angels answered in the bottom half when Ben Revere doubled home a run and scored on Luis Valbuena 's sacrifice fly . Pujols hit a one - out homer in the bottom half , his second	False
Pujols hit a leadoff homer in the first and a solo drive in the bottom half , but the Angels answered in the bottom half when Ben Revere doubled home a run and scored on Luis Valbuena 's sacrifice fly . Pujols hit a one - out homer in the bottom half , his second of the season and second	False
Pujols hit a one - out homer in the bottom half , his second of the season and second in two days . The Blue Jays added three more in the third	True
McCutchen hit three home runs and drove in three runs , Gerrit Cole pitched seven strong innings and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the San Diego Padres 7 - 1 on Tuesday night . McCutchen hit a solo homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the eighth	True
He also walked twice , walked twice and hit a solo homer in the first inning . He also walked twice , walked twice , walked twice and hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
He also walked twice , walked twice , walked twice and hit a solo homer in the ninth . McCutchen hit a solo homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the eighth	True
Castillo hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , Wade Miley pitched five effective innings and the Orioles beat the Texas Rangers 10 - 6 on Tuesday night . Castillo hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning and added a three - run shot in the fifth	True
It was the first time the Orioles had scored more than three runs in a game since July 26 , 2011 , when they had 13 hits . Castillo 's three - run homer off Martin Perez ( 5 - 9 ) gave the Orioles a 9 - 2 lead in the fifth	True
Castillo 's three - run homer off Martin Perez ( 5 - 9 ) gave the Orioles a 9 - 2 lead in the fifth , and Castillo 's three - run shot in the fifth gave the Orioles a 9 - 2 lead . Schoop had a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Castillo 's three - run homer off Martin Perez ( 5 - 9 ) gave the Orioles a 9 - 2 lead in the fifth , and Castillo 's three - run shot in the fifth gave the Orioles a 9 - 2 lead . Schoop had a three - run homer in the fifth and a three - run shot in the fifth	False
The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . Abreu hit a leadoff homer in the third	True
The White Sox have lost five of their last six games . Abreu hit a leadoff homer in the third and a solo shot in the fourth	False
Abreu hit a leadoff homer in the third and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo shot off Koji Uehara in the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Adam Duvall hit a three - run homer in the eighth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 in his last five starts . Aroldis Chapman pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out two and walked two . The Reds got a run in the sixth	True
He struck out two and walked two . The Reds got a run in the sixth when Devin Mesoraco drew a leadoff walk , stole second	False
The Reds got a run in the sixth when Devin Mesoraco drew a leadoff walk , stole second and scored on a groundout by Arismendy Alcantara . Billy Hamilton had an RBI groundout in the sixth	True
Jorge Bonifacio also went deep for the Royals , who have won four of five . Jakob Junis ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 12th	True
Jorge Bonifacio also went deep for the Royals , who have won four of five . Jakob Junis ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 12th for the win and Kelvin Herrera worked a perfect 12th	True
Jakob Junis ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 12th for the win and Kelvin Herrera worked a perfect 12th for his 20th save in 23 chances . Jakob Junis ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 12th	False
Jakob Junis ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 12th for the win . Kelvin Herrera pitched a perfect 12th	True
Kelvin Herrera pitched a perfect 12th for his 20th save in 23 chances . Jakob Junis ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 12th	True
Jakob Junis ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 12th for the win . Kelvin Herrera pitched a perfect 12th	True
Kelvin Herrera pitched a perfect 12th for his 20th save in 23 chances . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Lorenzo Cain led off with a double and scored on Moustakas ' sacrifice fly . Moustakas added a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
Moustakas added a sacrifice fly in the fourth to make it 2 - 0 . The Royals tied it in the sixth	False
He struck out four and walked one . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out four . The Diamondbacks scored four runs in the fifth	True
He walked two and struck out four . The Diamondbacks cut the lead to 5 - 2 in the fifth	True
Marwin Gonzalez hit a go - ahead , three - run homer in the sixth inning and the Astros rallied to beat the Orioles 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Yuli Gurriel hit a tiebreaking , three - run homer in the sixth inning and Yuli Gurriel added a two - run shot in the sixth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . The Dodgers took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . The Dodgers took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth	True
He struck out eight and walked two . The Dodgers took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth	True
The Dodgers took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth on Taylor Barnes ' pinch - hit single and Taylor 's two - run triple . The Dodgers took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth	False
Luke Jackson came on and gave up a two - run triple to Taylor . The Dodgers took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth	True
Luke Jackson came on and gave up a two - run triple to Taylor . The Dodgers took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth	True
Luke Jackson came on and gave up a two - run triple to Taylor . The Dodgers took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth	True
Randal Grichuk and Randal Grichuk also homered for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Carl Edwards Jr. ( 3 - 2 ) gave up three runs in the eighth	True
Kevin Siegrist , Zach Duke and Kevin Siegrist completed the six - hitter . Carl Edwards Jr. ( 3 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and one hit in one - third	True
Galvis hit a two - run homer and Aaron Nola pitched seven strong innings to lead the Phillies to a 6 - 1 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Galvis hit a two - run homer off Matt Garza ( 4 - 5 ) in the first inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
He walked two and struck out a season - high nine . Hector Neris worked the eighth	True
Fiers ( 6 - 4 ) allowed four hits and two runs with a season - high 11 strikeouts in seven innings . Ken Giles pitched the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked four . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Twins tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out RBI single by Jake Marisnick . Houston tied it in the bottom of the second	True
The Brewers took two of three from the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Jacob Barnes ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Jacob Barnes ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Corey Knebel pitched the ninth	True
Odubel Herrera and Odubel Herrera homered for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Jacob Barnes ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Jacob Barnes ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Corey Knebel pitched the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Ty Kelly and a sacrifice fly by Ty Kelly in the fifth	True
He struck out three and walked one . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Jose Iglesias and a run - scoring single by Mikie Mahtook . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
Cabrera led off with a double and scored on Martinez 's single . Cabrera hit a solo homer in the first	True
Cabrera led off with a double and scored on Martinez 's single . Cabrera hit a solo homer in the first , and Martinez added a run - scoring single in the second	True
Cabrera hit a solo homer in the first , and Martinez added a run - scoring single in the second . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Ian Kinsler drew a one - out walk , and Cabrera followed with a drive to left - center for his 21st homer . Martinez 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 in the second	True
Martinez 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 in the second . The Tigers made it 5 - 0 in the fourth	True
Freeman hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning off Arizona starter Taijuan Walker , who allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . Rex Brothers ( 1 - 0 ) got one out in the eighth	True
Freeman hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning off Arizona starter Taijuan Walker , who allowed two runs and five hits in six innings . Rex Brothers ( 1 - 0 ) got one out in the eighth and Jim Johnson worked a perfect ninth	True
The Braves have won five of six . Rex Brothers ( 1 - 0 ) got one out in the eighth	True
The Braves have won five of six . Rex Brothers ( 1 - 0 ) got one out in the eighth and Jim Johnson worked the ninth	False
Paul Goldschmidt homered for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Rex Brothers ( 1 - 0 ) got one out in the eighth	True
Paul Goldschmidt homered for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Rex Brothers ( 1 - 0 ) got one out in the eighth and Jim Johnson worked a perfect ninth	True
Rex Brothers ( 1 - 0 ) got one out in the eighth and Jim Johnson worked a perfect ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Matt Kemp 's RBI single . Arizona tied it at 1 in the sixth	True
Arizona tied it at 1 in the sixth . Chris Owings led off with a single , stole second	False
Chris Owings led off with a single , stole second and scored on Daniel Descalso 's single . Arizona tied it at 1 in the sixth	True
Arizona tied it at 1 in the sixth . Chris Owings led off with a single , stole second	False
Chris Owings led off with a single , stole second and scored on Daniel Descalso 's single . Arizona tied it at 1 in the sixth	True
Arizona tied it at 1 in the sixth . Chris Owings led off with a single , stole second	False
Chris Owings led off with a single , stole second and scored on Daniel Descalso 's single . The Diamondbacks tied it at 1 in the sixth	True
The Diamondbacks tied it at 1 in the sixth . Chris Owings led off with a single , stole second	False
The Diamondbacks tied it at 1 in the sixth . Chris Owings led off with a single , stole second , advanced to third	False
Chris Owings led off with a single , stole second , advanced to third on a throwing error by catcher Tyler Flowers and scored on a single by Descalso . The Diamondbacks tied it at 1 in the sixth	True
The Diamondbacks tied it at 1 in the sixth . Chris Owings led off with a single , stole second	False
Galvis hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the seventh inning , lifting the Philadelphia Phillies to a 7 - 1 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Galvis hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the seventh	True
Galvis hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the seventh . He also hit a solo shot in the second inning and added a solo shot in the seventh	False
Tim Anderson and Tim Anderson homered in the ninth inning to lift the Chicago White Sox to a 5 - 4 win over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Kahnle ( 1 - 3 ) allowed a run in the eighth	True
Tim Anderson and Tim Anderson homered in the ninth inning to lift the Chicago White Sox to a 5 - 4 win over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Kahnle ( 1 - 3 ) allowed a run in the eighth , and David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth	True
Tommy Kahnle ( 1 - 3 ) pitched one inning for the win . David Robertson pitched the ninth	True
David Robertson pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Nolan Arenado hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Tommy Kahnle ( 1 - 3 ) pitched one inning for the win . David Robertson pitched the ninth	True
David Robertson pitched the ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Nolan Arenado hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He struck out four , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Tucker Barnhart led off the game with a home run , and Tucker Barnhart added a solo shot in the fifth	True
He struck out four , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Barnhart led off the fifth	True
Donaldson hit a three - run homer , Marcus Stroman pitched seven strong innings and the Blue Jays beat the Houston Astros 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Donaldson hit a three - run homer off Mike Fiers ( 5 - 4 ) in the fifth inning and added a three - run drive in the seventh	True
Donaldson hit a three - run homer off Mike Fiers ( 5 - 4 ) in the fifth inning and added a three - run drive in the seventh off Chris Devenski . It was his second homer of the season and second	False
It was his second homer of the season and second in two days . Donaldson hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
He walked four and struck out six . Marwin Gonzalez hit a solo homer off Joe Biagini in the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out six . Marwin Gonzalez hit a solo homer off Joe Biagini in the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out six . Houston 's Marwin Gonzalez hit a solo homer off Joe Biagini in the ninth	True
Houston 's Marwin Gonzalez hit a solo homer off Joe Biagini in the ninth . Houston 's George Springer hit an RBI double in the third	True
Houston 's George Springer hit an RBI double in the third , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Houston opened the scoring in the third	True
He walked one and struck out four . Roberto Osuna pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked two and struck out three . Houston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Houston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Marwin Gonzalez 's second homer of the season . The Astros tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
PHILADELPHIA -- Gregory Polanco had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth inning , and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Polanco had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Jose Berrios ( 8 - 2 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in six innings for the Twins . Brandon Kintzler pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Max Kepler had a two - run single in the third	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Brandon Kintzler pitched the ninth	True
Jose Torres ( 5 - 2 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning to get the win . Brandon Maurer worked the ninth	True
Jose Torres ( 5 - 2 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning to get the win . Brandon Maurer worked the ninth	True
Jose Torres ( 5 - 2 ) pitched two - thirds of an inning to get the win . Brandon Maurer worked the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked two . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI single by Segura . The Angels made it 2 - 0 in the fifth	True
The Angels made it 2 - 0 in the fifth . Boog Powell led off with a single , stole second	False
He struck out three and walked two . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
He struck out five and walked one . Hector Neris pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three , walked two and hit a batter . The Marlins scored three runs in the fourth	True
Despaigne has allowed three earned runs in his past three starts . The Marlins scored in the second	True
The Marlins scored in the second on Miguel Rojas ' RBI groundout . The Marlins went ahead 1 - 0 in the second	True
The Marlins went ahead 1 - 0 in the second . Gordon led off with a single , stole second	False
The Marlins went ahead 1 - 0 in the second . Gordon led off with a single , stole second , advanced to third	False
Gordon led off with a single , stole second , advanced to third on a groundout and scored on a groundout by Miguel Rojas . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Gordon led off with a single , stole second	False
The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Gordon led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
PHILADELPHIA -- Ender Inciarte had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the third inning , and the Atlanta Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Inciarte had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the third inning and a two - run single in the third	True
Inciarte had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the third inning and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the third	True
Inciarte had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the third inning and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the third that made it 8 - 0 . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a career - high five hits , including a two - run single in the third that made it 8 - 0 . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third	True
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third	False
He walked none and struck out 11 . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked none and struck out three . Ramirez homered off Dominic Leone in the seventh	True
C. J. Cron homered twice and drove in four runs , Ben Revere had two hits and drove in two runs and the Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cron hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the fourth	True
C. J. Cron homered twice and drove in four runs , Ben Revere had two hits and drove in two runs and the Angels beat the Oakland Athletics 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cron hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the fourth , and Martin Maldonado added a solo shot in the eighth	True
Joyce hit his first homer of the season in the second inning to get the A 's within 5 - 2 . The A 's loaded the bases with two outs in the fourth	True
He walked five and struck out four . Craig Kimbrel gave up a two - run homer to Justin Smoak in the ninth	True
Craig Kimbrel gave up a two - run homer to Justin Smoak in the ninth , but held on for his 30th save in 34 chances . Justin Smoak hit a two - run homer off Craig Kimbrel in the ninth	True
He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Sean Doolittle gave up a two - out RBI single to Juan Lagares in the ninth	True
He did not walk a batter and struck out nine . Sean Doolittle gave up a two - out RBI single to Juan Lagares in the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked none . Blake Treinen pitched the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Delino DeShields doubled and scored on Adrian Beltre 's single . The A 's had runners on first	False
The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Delino DeShields doubled and scored on Adrian Beltre 's single . The A 's had runners on first and second	False
The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Delino DeShields doubled and scored on Adrian Beltre 's single . The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
The Royals have won five of their last six games and are a season - high 10 games over .500 for the first time since the end of the 2007 season . Hosmer hit a three - run homer off Greg Holland ( 2 - 5 ) with two outs in the ninth	True
Holland ( 2 - 5 ) gave up a two - out single to Alcides Escobar and a walk to Alex Gordon before Hosmer 's homer . Brandon Maurer ( 3 - 5 ) worked a scoreless ninth	True
Holland ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and two hits in two - thirds of an inning . Brandon Maurer ( 3 - 5 ) worked a scoreless ninth	True
He walked three and struck out six . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Gerardo Parra 's sacrifice fly . The Royals took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
The Royals took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth on Gerardo Parra 's sacrifice fly and Gerardo Parra 's sacrifice fly . The Royals took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth	False
Healy hit a pair of home runs , Khris Davis and Khris Davis also connected , and the Athletics beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Healy hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Healy hit a pair of home runs , Khris Davis and Khris Davis also connected , and the Athletics beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Healy hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the fifth , and Khris Davis added a solo shot in the ninth	True
He is 0 - 4 in his last five starts . Rhys Hoskins hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He struck out seven and walked two . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the first	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in three starts against the Mariners this season . Alex Colome pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Sean Doolittle pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Sean Doolittle pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Sean Doolittle pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Sean Doolittle pitched a perfect ninth	True
Jhoulys Chacin allowed one run and three hits in five innings , struck out six and walked four . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Adam Lind . The Padres tied it in the third	True
The Padres tied it in the third on Jose Pirela 's two - out RBI single . The Padres tied it in the third	False
Mike Leake ( 7 - 11 ) gave up eight runs and nine hits in 4 1/3 innings for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Dexter Fowler had three hits , including a two - run double in the sixth	True
Barnes hit a pinch - hit , two - run single off Juan Minaya ( 1 - 1 ) to give the Dodgers a 6 - 1 lead . Brandon Morrow ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Juan Minaya ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up a one - out single to Logan Forsythe and a two - run single to Austin Barnes to make it 6 - 1 . Brandon Morrow ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Aaron Bummer came on and walked pinch - hitter Chase Utley before pinch - hitter Austin Barnes hit a two - run , pinch - hit single . Brandon Morrow ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Clayton Richard gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings , struck out five and walked four . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Trey Mancini 's first home run of the season came on a 3 - 2 pitch from Chris Smith leading off the fourth inning , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jones hit a solo home run in the fourth	True
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Trey Mancini 's first home run of the season came on a 3 - 2 pitch from Chris Smith leading off the fourth inning , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jones hit a solo home run in the fourth and a solo shot in the sixth	True
Jones hit a solo home run in the fourth and a solo shot in the sixth . He also hit a solo shot in the fourth inning and added a solo shot in the sixth	True
The A 's have lost four of five . Mancini hit his first home run of the season in the fourth inning , a solo shot in the fourth	True
The A 's have lost four of five . Mancini hit his first home run of the season in the fourth inning , a solo shot in the fourth and a solo shot in the fourth	True
Mancini hit his first home run of the season in the fourth inning , a solo shot in the fourth and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo shot in the fourth	True
Mancini hit his first home run of the season in the fourth inning , a solo shot in the fourth and a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a solo shot in the fourth and added a solo shot in the fourth	True
He struck out seven and walked four . Manuel Margot hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Manuel Margot hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Padres , who have lost four of their last five . Manuel Margot hit a solo homer in the sixth	False
TORONTO -- Josh Donaldson 's first home run of the season came on a 3 - 0 pitch from CC Sabathia . Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the third	True
Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the third , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the New York Yankees 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run drive in the third	True
Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run drive in the third . He added a two - run shot in the third	True
He added a two - run shot in the third . Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run drive in the third	True
Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run drive in the third . Donaldson hit a two - run shot in the first	True
Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run drive in the third . Donaldson hit a two - run shot in the first , then added a two - run shot in the third	False
Donaldson hit a two - run shot in the first , then added a two - run shot in the third . Donaldson added a two - run shot in the third	False
Donaldson added a two - run shot in the third , his 21st of the season . Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Donaldson added a two - run shot in the third , his 21st of the season . Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first , then added a two - run shot in the third	False
Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first , then added a two - run shot in the third . Donaldson added a two - run shot in the third	True
Donaldson added a two - run shot in the third , his 18th . Toronto cut it to 4 - 2 in the eighth	False
Toronto cut it to 4 - 2 in the eighth when Chase Headley doubled and scored on Garrett Cooper 's sacrifice fly . Roberto Osuna pitched a perfect ninth	True
Roberto Osuna pitched a perfect ninth for his 29th save in 36 chances . Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Roberto Osuna pitched a perfect ninth for his 29th save in 36 chances . Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first and a two - run drive in the third	False
Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first and a two - run drive in the third . Toronto cut it to 4 - 2 in the eighth	False
Toronto cut it to 4 - 2 in the eighth when Chase Headley doubled and scored on Garrett Cooper 's sacrifice fly . The Blue Jays cut it to 4 - 2 in the eighth	False
The Blue Jays cut it to 4 - 2 in the eighth when Chase Headley doubled and scored on Garrett Cooper 's sacrifice fly . Toronto cut it to 4 - 2 on Cooper 's sacrifice fly in the eighth	False
He struck out six , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Judge hit a three - run homer in the seventh	True
Judge hit a three - run homer in the seventh off reliever Mike Clevinger , who gave up five runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . Michael Brantley hit a solo homer in the first	True
Michael Brantley hit a solo homer in the first for Cleveland 's only run . Michael Brantley hit a two - out homer in the first	True
He struck out five , walked one and hit a batter . George Kontos ( 1 - 6 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
George Kontos ( 1 - 6 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Felipe Rivero worked a perfect ninth	False
Felipe Rivero worked a perfect ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . George Kontos ( 1 - 6 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
George Kontos ( 1 - 6 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Felipe Rivero worked a perfect ninth	False
The Nationals have lost four of five . George Kontos ( 1 - 6 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
George Kontos ( 1 - 6 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Felipe Rivero worked a perfect ninth	False
Daniel Murphy led off with a double and scored on a single by Ryan Zimmerman . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second . Daniel Murphy led off with a single , stole second	False
Daniel Murphy had three hits and drove in a run for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Josh Bell hit a tying two - run homer in the ninth	True
Josh Bell hit a tying two - run homer in the ninth off Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) . Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs in the top of the ninth	False
Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs in the top of the ninth . Josh Bell hit a tying two - run homer off Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) in the top of the ninth	False
Josh Bell hit a tying two - run homer off Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) in the top of the ninth . Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs in the top of the ninth	False
Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs in the top of the ninth . Josh Bell hit a tying , two - run homer in the ninth	True
Josh Bell hit a tying , two - run homer in the ninth off Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) . Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) gave up a two - run homer to Josh Bell in the top of the ninth	True
Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) gave up a two - run homer to Josh Bell in the top of the ninth . Ryan Madson pitched a perfect eighth	True
Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) gave up a two - run homer to Josh Bell in the top of the ninth . Ryan Madson pitched a perfect eighth , and Ryan Madson worked a perfect eighth	True
Ryan Madson pitched a perfect eighth , and Ryan Madson worked a perfect eighth . Ryan Madson worked a perfect eighth	False
Ryan Madson pitched a perfect eighth , and Ryan Madson worked a perfect eighth . Ryan Madson worked a perfect eighth , and Brandon Kintzler worked the ninth	False
Ryan Madson worked a perfect eighth , and Brandon Kintzler worked the ninth for Washington . Ryan Madson pitched a perfect eighth	True
Ryan Madson worked a perfect eighth , and Brandon Kintzler worked the ninth for Washington . Ryan Madson pitched a perfect eighth , and Brandon Kintzler worked a perfect eighth	False
Ryan Madson pitched a perfect eighth , and Brandon Kintzler worked a perfect eighth . Ryan Madson worked a perfect eighth	False
Ryan Madson pitched a perfect eighth , and Brandon Kintzler worked a perfect eighth . Ryan Madson worked a perfect eighth , and Brandon Kintzler worked a perfect ninth	False
Ryan Madson worked a perfect eighth , and Brandon Kintzler worked a perfect ninth . Ryan Madson pitched a perfect eighth	True
Ryan Madson worked a perfect eighth , and Brandon Kintzler worked a perfect ninth . Ryan Madson pitched a perfect eighth , and Brandon Kintzler worked the ninth	False
Ryan Madson pitched a perfect eighth , and Brandon Kintzler worked the ninth for Washington . Ryan Madson pitched a perfect eighth	False
Ryan Madson pitched a perfect eighth , and Brandon Kintzler worked the ninth for Washington . Ryan Madson pitched a perfect eighth and Brandon Kintzler worked a perfect ninth	False
Ryan Madson pitched a perfect eighth and Brandon Kintzler worked a perfect ninth . Ryan Madson worked the eighth	False
Emilio Pagan ( 2 - 3 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Edwin Diaz pitched the ninth	True
Lugo ( 7 - 5 ) allowed two hits , struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Chasen Bradford , Chasen Bradford and Jeurys Familia gave up two runs -- one earned -- in the ninth	True
Efren Navarro homered twice and Alex Presley had a run - scoring single for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Alex Presley hit an RBI single in the first	True
Alex Presley hit an RBI single in the first and scored on Alex Presley 's single . The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the first	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Jeimer Candelario . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Jeimer Candelario . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jeimer Candelario 's RBI double . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jeimer Candelario 's RBI double . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jeimer Candelario 's RBI double . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jeimer Candelario 's RBI double . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jeimer Candelario 's RBI double . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Jose Iglesias led off with a single , stole second	False
Pablo Sandoval had three hits and drove in a run for the Giants , who have won four of five . Sam Dyson ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Charlie Blackmon . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Charlie Blackmon . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
He walked four and struck out six . John Jaso hit a two - run homer off Luke Farrell in the eighth	True
John Jaso hit a two - run homer off Luke Farrell in the eighth , giving the Pirates a 5 - 2 lead . Michael Lorenzen pitched the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out three . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by JaCoby Jones . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Castellanos . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Castellanos . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Josh Donaldson hit two solo home runs for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Donaldson hit a solo home run in the first inning and a two - run single in the first	True
Donaldson hit a solo home run in the first inning and a two - run single in the first . He added an RBI double in the seventh	True
He added an RBI double in the seventh . Donaldson hit a solo home run in the first inning and Ryan Goins had an RBI double in the seventh	False
Donaldson hit a solo home run in the first inning and Ryan Goins had an RBI double in the seventh . Donaldson hit a solo home run in the first inning and Ryan Goins had an RBI double in the seventh	False
Donaldson hit a solo home run in the first inning and Ryan Goins had an RBI double in the seventh . Donaldson hit a solo home run in the first inning and Ryan Goins had an RBI double in the seventh	False
Donaldson hit a solo home run in the first inning and Ryan Goins had an RBI double in the seventh . Donaldson hit a solo home run in the first inning and a two - run single in the first	True
Strasburg ( 14 - 4 ) allowed an unearned run and two hits in six innings , striking out eight and walking three . Ryan Madson worked the eighth	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning . Yasiel Puig reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second	False
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning . Yasiel Puig reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and advanced to third	False
He struck out five . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning when Yasiel Puig reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second	False
He struck out five . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning when Yasiel Puig reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and advanced to third	False
The Braves have lost six of seven . Atlanta 's Freddie Freeman hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Drew Steckenrider , Drew Steckenrider and Drew Steckenrider each pitched a scoreless inning to complete the three - hitter . Braun hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out nine and walked one . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Matt Olson . Olson hit a two - run shot in the second	True
Olson hit a two - run shot in the second to give the Athletics a 2 - 0 lead . Olson hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Olson hit a two - run homer in the second to give the Athletics a 2 - 0 lead . Olson hit a two - out , two - run homer in the second	True
Olson hit a two - out , two - run homer in the second to give the Athletics a 2 - 0 lead . Olson hit a two - out , two - run homer in the second	True
Olson hit a two - out , two - run homer in the second to give the Athletics a 2 - 0 lead . Olson hit a two - out , two - run homer in the second	True
Olson hit a two - out , two - run homer in the second to give the Athletics a 2 - 0 lead . Olson hit a two - out , two - run homer in the second	True
Olson hit a two - out , two - run homer in the second to give the Athletics a 2 - 0 lead . Olson hit a two - run homer in the second	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Nelson Cruz had four hits , including a three - run homer , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Texas Rangers 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Cruz hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run double in the five - run fifth	True
Cruz hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run double in the five - run fifth . He also had an RBI single in the sixth	True
Cruz hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run double in the five - run fifth . He also had an RBI single in the sixth and a solo homer in the seventh	True
The right - hander has gone at least six innings in each of his five starts this season . Alex Claudio pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Alex Claudio pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Haniger hit a solo homer in the second	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . Haniger hit a solo homer in the second , and Kyle Seager added a solo shot in the fourth	True
It was the second homer of the season for Haniger , who had three hits in his previous two games . Haniger had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third	True
Mark Leiter Jr. ( 3 - 5 ) gave up four runs and six hits in six innings for the Phillies . Hector Neris pitched the ninth	True
The Royals have lost five of six . Mike Minor ( 6 - 6 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win and Brandon Maurer worked the ninth	True
Mike Minor ( 6 - 6 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Brandon Maurer worked the ninth	True
Mike Minor ( 6 - 6 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Brandon Maurer worked the ninth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.46 ERA in his last five starts . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Luis Avilan ( 2 - 2 ) gave up two runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a fielder 's choice grounder by Cody Bellinger . The Dodgers tied it in the second	True
The Dodgers tied it in the second on a two - out double by Ketel Marte , a double by Ketel Marte and a double by Ketel Marte . Arizona tied it in the second	True
Arizona tied it in the second on a two - out double by Ketel Marte , a double by Ketel Marte and a double by Ketel Marte . The Diamondbacks tied it in the second	True
The Diamondbacks tied it in the second on a two - out double by Ketel Marte , a double by Ketel Marte and a two - out double by Ketel Marte . The Diamondbacks tied it in the second	True
The Diamondbacks tied it in the second on a two - out double by Ketel Marte . The Dodgers tied it in the second	True
The Dodgers tied it in the second on a two - out double by Ketel Marte , a double by Ketel Marte and an RBI double by Cody Bellinger . The Dodgers tied it in the second	True
The Mets have lost six of seven . Joe Musgrove ( 7 - 8 ) pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings for the win and Ken Giles pitched a perfect ninth	True
Walker ( 8 - 7 ) gave up three hits , struck out 10 and walked three . He also had an RBI single in the sixth	True
He struck out four and walked three . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out four and walked three . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when J. D. Martinez led off with a walk , stole second	False
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when J. D. Martinez led off with a walk , stole second and scored on a single by Jake Lamb . The Rockies made it 3 - 0 in the third	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when J. D. Martinez led off with a walk , stole second and scored on a single by Jake Lamb . The Rockies made it 3 - 0 in the third when Pollock singled , stole second	False
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when J. D. Martinez led off with a walk , stole second and scored on a single by Jake Lamb . The Rockies made it 3 - 0 in the third when Pollock singled , stole second , took third	False
The Rockies made it 3 - 0 in the third when Pollock singled , stole second , took third on a throwing error by catcher Chris Iannetta and scored on a sacrifice fly by Martinez . The Rockies added three runs in the seventh	True
The Rockies added three runs in the seventh , highlighted by Descalso 's three - run homer . Arizona added three runs in the seventh	True
Turner hit a three - run homer with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning , lifting the Dodgers to a 4 - 1 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Wednesday night . Turner hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth	True
Turner hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth off John Lackey , giving the Dodgers a 4 - 1 lead in the series opener . Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out two and walked five . Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 0 ) struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 0 ) struck out two in a perfect ninth for the win . Brian Duensing ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up a two - out single to Charlie Culberson and walking Chris Taylor to start the ninth	True
Lackey walked Chris Taylor and Logan Forsythe to load the bases before Turner 's three - run homer . Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 0 ) struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
He struck out two and walked five . The Dodgers tied it in the fifth	True
The Dodgers tied it in the fifth on Turner 's two - out RBI single that scored Chris Taylor , who walked . The Dodgers tied it in the fifth	False
The Dodgers tied it in the fifth on Turner 's two - out RBI single that scored Chris Taylor , who walked . The Dodgers tied it in the fifth	False
Lindor hit a grand slam in the sixth inning , Francisco Lindor hit a grand slam and the Indians beat the Yankees 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Lindor 's first career grand slam gave the Indians a 7 - 3 lead in the sixth	True
It was the longest home run in the history of Progressive Field , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Bruce connected off David Robertson in the eighth	True
Josh Tomlin ( 1 - 0 ) struck out three in two scoreless innings for the win . Gary Sanchez hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Gary Sanchez hit a two - run homer in the first for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Aaron Hicks hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Aaron Hicks hit a two - run homer in the first for New York , which has lost four of five . The Yankees tied it in the bottom of the first	True
The Yankees tied it in the bottom of the first on a two - run single by Carlos Santana . The Yankees tied it in the bottom of the first	False
He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . Cody Allen struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Tyler Clippard pitched the ninth	True
Tyler Clippard pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six chances . Fernando Abad ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and three hits in one - third	True
Fernando Abad ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and three hits in one - third of an inning . Fernando Abad ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and three hits in one - third	False
Fernando Abad ( 2 - 1 ) gave up two runs and three hits in one - third of an inning for the Red Sox . Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect ninth	True
Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect ninth for his fifth save in six chances . Boston 's Hector Clippard pitched a perfect ninth	False
Boston 's Hector Clippard pitched a perfect ninth for his fifth save . Boston 's Hector Clippard pitched the ninth	True
Boston 's Hector Clippard pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Boston 's Hector Clippard pitched the ninth	False
Boston 's Hector Clippard pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Boston 's Hector Velazquez pitched the ninth	False
Boston 's Hector Velazquez pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Boston 's Hector Velazquez pitched the ninth	False
Boston 's Hector Velazquez pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Boston 's Hector Velazquez pitched the ninth	False
Boston 's Hector Velazquez pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Boston 's Hector Velazquez pitched the ninth	False
Boston 's Hector Velazquez pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Boston 's Hector Velazquez pitched the ninth	False
Boston 's Hector Velazquez pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Boston 's Hector Clippard pitched the ninth	False
Boston 's Hector Clippard pitched the ninth for his fifth save . Boston 's Hector Clippard pitched the eighth	False
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Khris Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning , and the Oakland Athletics rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning and added an RBI single in the seventh	True
He struck out four and walked three . Chris Hatcher ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 11th	True
He walked three and struck out four . The A 's took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth	True
It was the first home run for the A 's in Oakland history . The A 's tied it at 4 in the fifth	True
It was the first home run for the A 's in Oakland history . The A 's tied it at 4 in the fifth on a three - run homer by Davis , his first	False
Joey Gallo hit a two - run homer , Joey Gallo added a two - run shot and the Rangers beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Joey Gallo hit a two - run homer and Nomar Mazara had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth	True
Joey Gallo hit a two - run homer , Joey Gallo added a two - run shot and the Rangers beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Joey Gallo hit a two - run homer and Nomar Mazara had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth , and Nomar Mazara had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth	True
Mike Minor ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs and nine hits in six innings for the Rangers . Keone Kela pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked none and struck out four . Keone Kela pitched the ninth	True
He walked none and struck out four . Keone Kela pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked none and struck out four . Keone Kela pitched a perfect ninth	True
Toronto 's Justin Smoak went 4 for 4 with two doubles and two RBI for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Justin Smoak had a career - high four hits for the Blue Jays , including a two - run double in the second	True
Justin Smoak had a career - high four hits for the Blue Jays , including a two - run double in the second . The Blue Jays tied it at 4 in the bottom of the first	True
Lucas Giolito ( 1 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in 5 2/3 innings . Joakim Soria pitched the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out five . Jorge Soler hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Reyes Moronta ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Panik doubled and scored on Belt 's first - inning wild pitch . Belt hit a two - run homer in the third	True
The right - hander has given up four home runs in his last three starts . Schwarber , who had three hits , hit a solo homer in the second	True
The right - hander has given up four home runs in his last three starts . Schwarber , who had three hits , hit a solo homer in the second and a solo shot in the third	False
Schwarber , who had three hits , hit a solo homer in the second and a solo shot in the third . The Cubs added three runs in the seventh	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 0.35 ERA in three starts against the Angels this season . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth	True
Joe Panik had three hits for the Giants , who have won three of four . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth	True
Joe Panik had three hits for the Giants , who have won three of four . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth	True
Joe Panik had three hits for the Giants , who have won three of four . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth	True
Joe Panik had three hits for the Giants , who have won three of four . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth	True
Joe Panik had three hits for the Giants , who have won three of four . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth	True
Joe Panik had three hits for the Giants , who have won three of four . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth	True
Joe Panik had three hits for the Giants , who have won three of four . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth	True
Joe Panik had three hits for the Giants , who have won three of four . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth	True
PHILADELPHIA -- Aaron Altherr had an RBI single in the 11th inning to lift the Philadelphia Phillies to a 3 - 2 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Altherr led off the 11th	True
Richard Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . Elias Diaz hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
He allowed one hit and two runs with a season - high five walks and seven strikeouts . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
He struck out seven , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Pivetta had an RBI double in the fifth	True
He struck out seven , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Pivetta had an RBI double in the fifth and a sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . Pivetta had an RBI double in the fifth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . Pivetta had an RBI double in the fifth and a sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked four . Judge hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Judge hit a two - run homer in the third for a 2 - 0 lead . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with one out in the second	True
The Blue Jays loaded the bases with one out in the second , but Montgomery struck out Teoscar Hernandez and Kevin Pillar to end the threat . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with two outs in the second	True
It was Haniger 's first home run of the season , a three - run shot off Chris Hatcher in the seventh inning that gave the Mariners a 5 - 3 lead . It was his first homer of the season and the first	False
It was the first home run allowed by Hatcher in his first eight appearances . Dan Altavilla ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless seventh	True
It was the first home run allowed by Hatcher in his first eight appearances . Dan Altavilla ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless seventh for the win and Edwin Diaz worked the ninth	True
Khris Davis hit two home runs for the A 's , including a two - run shot off Juan Nicasio in the first inning . Davis hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the sixth	True
Davis hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the sixth to give the A 's a 3 - 2 lead . Davis hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Davis hit a two - run homer in the first off Mike Leake , who allowed seven hits and three runs in six innings . Davis hit a two - run homer in the first	False
Davis hit a two - run homer in the first off Mike Leake , who allowed seven hits and three runs in six innings . Davis hit a two - run homer in the first	False
Davis hit a two - run homer in the first off Mike Leake , who allowed seven hits and three runs in six innings . Davis hit a two - run homer in the first	False
Bruce Rondon ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Nate Jones pitched the ninth	True
Bruce Rondon ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Nate Jones pitched the ninth	True
Pruitt ( 1 - 2 ) gave up four hits and struck out one in his first major league start . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
He walked five and struck out six . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Lowrie hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , Marcus Semien drove in four runs and the Athletics routed the Los Angeles Dodgers 16 - 6 on Tuesday night . Lowrie had three hits , including a two - run homer in the first inning , and Khris Davis added a two - run shot in the ninth	True
The Dodgers had 21 hits in the first two games of the series , including a three - run homer by Jed Lowrie in the first inning . Lowrie had three hits , including a two - run homer in the first	True
The Dodgers had 21 hits in the first two games of the series , including a three - run homer by Jed Lowrie in the first inning . Lowrie had three hits , including a two - run homer in the first and a two - run double in the fourth	True
Lowrie had three hits , including a two - run homer in the first and a two - run double in the fourth that made it 6 - 1 . Lowrie had three hits , including a solo homer in the fourth	False
Lowrie had three hits , including a solo homer in the fourth , and drove in three runs with a single in the first inning . He had three hits , including a two - run double in the fourth	True
He had three hits , including a two - run double in the fourth that made it 6 - 1 . Lowrie had three hits , including a solo homer in the fourth	True
Lowrie had three hits , including a solo homer in the fourth that made it 7 - 4 . The Dodgers scored three runs in the sixth	True
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The Dodgers scored in the first	True
Familia struck out the side in the ninth inning for his fifth save in seven chances , and the Mets beat the Miami Marlins 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Familia gave up two hits and struck out three in a scoreless ninth	True
The Red Sox left - hander struck out Mookie Betts to end the eighth inning , and the Red Sox rallied for an 8 - 7 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . The Red Sox trailed 7 - 2 in the eighth	True
The Red Sox trailed 7 - 2 in the eighth , but Alex Colome ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . Colome ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and four hits in one - third	True
Colome ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and four hits in one - third of an inning . Carson Smith ( 1 - 1 ) pitched the eighth	True
Craig Kimbrel got the last three outs for his third save . Carson Smith ( 1 - 1 ) worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the eighth	True
Colome ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , four hits and three walks in two - thirds of an inning . Cron hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the second	True
Colome ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , four hits and three walks in two - thirds of an inning . Cron hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the second , and a run - scoring single by Adeiny Hechavarria in the fifth	True
He struck out seven , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Cron hit his first homer of the season leading off the second	True
Cron hit his first homer of the season leading off the second to tie it at 1 . The Red Sox tied it in the second	True
The Red Sox tied it in the second on Jesus Sucre 's sacrifice fly . Cron tied it in the second	True
He struck out six and walked one . Shane Greene pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked five . Avisail Garcia singled in the seventh	True
Pedro Strop ( 2 - 0 ) got two outs for the win . Brandon Morrow pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Pedro Strop ( 2 - 0 ) got two outs for the win . Brandon Morrow pitched the ninth	True
Suarez homered and drove in five runs , Eugenio Suarez had a three - run homer and drove in five runs and the Reds beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Suarez hit a three - run homer off George Kontos ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth	True
Wandy Peralta ( 1 - 0 ) struck out three in two perfect innings for the win . Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth	True
It was Ohtani 's second homer of the season and first since July 31 , 2011 , against Seattle . Jim Johnson ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a solo homer to Matt Olson in the seventh	True
Jim Johnson ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a solo homer to Matt Olson in the seventh . Jim Johnson ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing Matt Joyce 's homer in the seventh	False
Jim Johnson ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite allowing Matt Joyce 's homer in the seventh . Jim Johnson ( 1 - 0 ) got the win despite giving up a solo homer to Matt Olson in the seventh	True
Matt Olson and Matt Olson homered for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland 's Matt Olson hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the seventh	True
Matt Olson and Matt Olson homered for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland 's Matt Olson hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the seventh , and Chapman hit a two - run shot in the seventh	True
Oakland 's Matt Olson hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the seventh , and Chapman hit a two - run shot in the seventh to give the A 's 8 - 5 lead . It was Ohtani 's second homer of the season and second	False
He struck out eight and walked two . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Danny Valencia drew a two - out walk and scored on Adam Jones ' fielder 's choice . Keuchel walked Danny Valencia to start the fourth	True
Adam Jones drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Keuchel walked Danny Valencia with one out in the fourth	True
Keuchel walked Danny Valencia with one out in the fourth , then got Manny Machado to ground into a double play . Keuchel walked Danny Valencia with one out in the fourth	True
He walked three and struck out a season - high 11 . Keone Kela pitched the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out a season - high 11 . Keone Kela pitched the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out one . Chad Pinder hit a solo home run in the third	True
He struck out five and walked one . Joe Kelly pitched the ninth	True
Brad Miller hit his first major league homer for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 1 in the fifth	True
Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 1 in the fifth when Jackie Bradley Jr. doubled and scored on a single by J. D. Martinez . The Rays tied it at 1 on Rafael Devers ' RBI single in the fifth	True
The Rays tied it at 1 on Rafael Devers ' RBI single in the fifth . Miller hit his first homer of the season in the second	True
Miller hit his first homer of the season in the second . The Rays tied it at 1 on Rafael Devers ' RBI single in the fifth	True
Miller 's homer in the second gave the Rays a 1 - 0 lead . Tampa Bay tied it at 1 on Rafael Devers ' RBI single in the fifth	True
Tampa Bay tied it at 1 on Rafael Devers ' RBI single in the fifth . Miller cut the deficit to 1 - 0 on his second homer of the season in the second	True
He struck out four and walked two . Chasen Bradford worked two scoreless innings and Juan Nicasio worked the ninth	True
He struck out two and walked two . Arodys Vizcaino pitched the ninth	True
He walked five and struck out three . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Anthony Rendon 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals tied it in the third	True
The Nationals tied it in the third . Trea Turner led off with a single , stole second	False
Trea Turner led off with a single , stole second and scored on Anthony Rendon 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals tied it in the third	True
The Nationals tied it in the third . Trea Turner led off with a single , stole second	False
Trea Turner led off with a single , stole second and scored on Anthony Rendon 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals tied it at 2 in the third	True
The Nationals tied it at 2 in the third . Trea Turner led off with a single , stole second	False
Trea Turner led off with a single , stole second and scored on Anthony Rendon 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals tied it in the third	True
The Nationals tied it in the third when Turner tripled and scored on Anthony Rendon 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals tied it at 2 in the third	True
Matt Strahm ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Brad Ziegler ( 0 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and two hits in one - third	True
Matt Strahm ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Brad Ziegler ( 0 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and two hits in one - third	True
Culberson , who had been on the disabled list with a strained right hamstring , hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Seth Lugo ( 1 - 1 ) into the right - field seats for his first career pinch - hit homer . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Hammel ( 2 - 5 ) struck out 10 in 5 1/3 innings , allowing four hits and two walks while striking out 10 . Kelvin Herrera pitched the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked three . Aroldis Chapman worked around a walk in the ninth	True
Andrelton Simmons homered for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Richards left after walking Aaron Judge with one out in the third	True
Anderson homered twice and drove in four runs , and the White Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Abreu had four hits , including a three - run homer in the sixth	True
Anderson homered twice and drove in four runs , and the White Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Abreu had four hits , including a three - run homer in the sixth , and added a three - run shot in the sixth	True
The White Sox have won five of their last six games , and the White Sox have won five of their last six games . Abreu had four hits , including a three - run homer in the sixth	True
The White Sox have won five of their last six games , and the White Sox have won five of their last six games . Abreu had four hits , including a three - run homer in the sixth , and added a three - run shot in the sixth	True
Abreu had four hits , including a three - run homer in the sixth , and added a three - run shot in the sixth . He also hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Abreu had four hits , including a three - run homer in the sixth , and added a three - run shot in the sixth . He also hit a solo homer in the fifth and a three - run shot in the sixth	False
He struck out five and walked one . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out five and walked one . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Jeimer Candelario , his third	False
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Jeimer Candelario , his third of the season . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Jeimer Candelario , his third of the season . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Jeimer Candelario , his third	False
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Jeimer Candelario , his third of the season . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Jeimer Candelario , his third of the season . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Candelario , his third	False
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Candelario , his third of the season . The White Sox cut the deficit to 2 - 1 in the third	True
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Candelario , his third of the season . The White Sox cut the deficit to 2 - 1 in the third on a two - out double by Adam Engel , but the White Sox tied it in the fifth	False
He walked one and struck out two . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He walked one and struck out two . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Mitch Haniger walked , stole second	False
The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Mitch Haniger walked , stole second and scored on Kyle Seager 's double - play grounder . The Mariners cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the second	True
The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Mitch Haniger walked , stole second and scored on Kyle Seager 's double - play grounder . The Mariners cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the second on an RBI single by David Freitas and a run - scoring single by David Freitas in the eighth	True
Franchy Cordero homered for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 2 ) struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Franchy Cordero hit his first home run of the season . The Padres tied it in the fifth	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Franchy Cordero hit his first home run of the season . The Padres tied it in the fifth on a two - out homer by Franchy Cordero , his third	False
The Padres tied it in the fifth on a two - out homer by Franchy Cordero , his third of the season . The Padres tied it in the fifth	False
The Padres tied it in the fifth on a two - out homer by Franchy Cordero , his third of the season . The Padres tied it in the fifth on a two - out homer by Franchy Cordero , his third	False
Dustin Fowler homered and drove in two runs , Dustin Fowler added a solo shot and the Athletics beat the Toronto Blue Jays 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Fowler hit a leadoff homer in the third inning and added a two - out RBI double in the seventh	True
Danny Coulombe ( 1 - 1 ) worked 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Blake Treinen struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked one . Wade Davis worked the ninth	True
The Padres have lost five of six . The Padres took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Brandon Belt hit a three - run homer , Brandon Crawford had two hits and drove in three runs and the Giants beat the Reds 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Brandon Belt hit a two - run double in the first inning and added a two - run double in the sixth	True
He struck out four and walked two . Jose Ramirez homered in the first	True
He struck out six , walked four and lowered his ERA to 2.51 . Arodys Vizcaino gave up a three - run homer to Justin Bour in the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out five . The Marlins scored in the first	True
He walked two and struck out five . The Marlins scored in the first when Freddie Freeman led off with a single , stole second	False
He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter . Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth	True
He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter . Raisel Iglesias pitched a perfect ninth	True
Healy hit a three - run homer , Ryon Healy added a three - run shot and the Mariners beat the Detroit Tigers 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Healy hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning and a three - run shot in the fifth	True
It was Seattle 's first home run since July 8 , 2011 , against the Chicago White Sox . Healy , who had three hits , hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
He walked three and struck out five . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Cano . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Cano . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Seager . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Seager . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Seager . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Seager . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Pina 's two - out , two - run homer off Wade Davis in the ninth gave the Brewers a 10 - 8 lead . Jeremy Jeffress ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Jeremy Jeffress ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Josh Hader pitched a scoreless 10th	True
The Brewers had a season - high 17 hits , including a season - high seven doubles . Jeremy Jeffress ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Jeremy Jeffress ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Josh Hader pitched the 10th	True
The Rockies had a season - high 17 hits , including a season - high seven doubles . Jeremy Jeffress ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Jeremy Jeffress ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Josh Hader pitched the 10th	True
He walked three and struck out three . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Ryan Braun and a run - scoring single by Christian Yelich . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Mike Fiers ( 3 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings . Shane Greene struck out three in a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Shane Greene struck out the side in the ninth	True
Rosario hit a two - run homer and drove in five runs , Lance Lynn pitched six effective innings and the Minnesota Twins beat the Chicago White Sox 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Rosario had a career - high five RBI , including a two - run homer in the third	True
Rosario hit a two - run homer and drove in five runs , Lance Lynn pitched six effective innings and the Minnesota Twins beat the Chicago White Sox 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Rosario had a career - high five RBI , including a two - run homer in the third , and added a two - run double in the fourth	True
Rosario hit a two - run homer and drove in five runs , Lance Lynn pitched six effective innings and the Minnesota Twins beat the Chicago White Sox 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Rosario had a career - high five RBI , including a two - run homer in the third , and added a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth	True
Rosario had a career - high five RBI , including a two - run homer in the third , and added a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . He also had a run - scoring single in the first inning and a two - run double in the fourth	True
He walked six and struck out two . The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Eduardo Escobar and a run - scoring single by Rosario . The White Sox cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the bottom of the first	True
The White Sox cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the bottom of the first on Jose Abreu 's RBI single . The White Sox cut it to 3 - 1 in the bottom of the first	False
The White Sox cut it to 3 - 1 in the bottom of the first on Jose Abreu 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Jose Abreu . The White Sox cut it to 3 - 1 in the bottom of the first	False
The White Sox cut it to 3 - 1 in the bottom of the first on Jose Abreu 's RBI single and a run - scoring single by Jose Abreu . The White Sox cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the bottom of the first	False
The White Sox cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the bottom of the first on Jose Abreu 's RBI single . The White Sox cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the bottom of the first	False
The Indians have lost four of five . Bradley Zimmer hit a three - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth	True
The Indians have lost four of five . Bradley Zimmer hit a three - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth , and Jose Ramirez hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth	False
Bradley Zimmer hit a three - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth , and Jose Ramirez hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth . Aroldis Chapman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Aroldis Chapman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Jose Ramirez hit a tying , three - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth	True
Aroldis Chapman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Jose Ramirez hit a tying , three - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth , and Jose Ramirez hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth	True
Jose Ramirez hit a tying , three - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth , and Jose Ramirez hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth . Aroldis Chapman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Aroldis Chapman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Jose Ramirez hit a three - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth	True
Aroldis Chapman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Jose Ramirez hit a three - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth , and Jose Ramirez hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth	True
Jose Ramirez hit a three - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth , and Jose Ramirez hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth to make it 5 - 5 . The Indians tied it in the top of the eighth	False
Jose Ramirez hit a three - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth , and Jose Ramirez hit a two - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth to make it 5 - 5 . The Indians tied it in the top of the eighth on Bradley 's three - run homer off David Robertson , who gave up four runs in the eighth	True
Carpenter hit a tiebreaking homer in the ninth inning and the Cardinals beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Bud Norris ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Bud Norris ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Tommy Pham led off the bottom of the ninth	True
Tommy Pham led off the bottom of the ninth with a home run off Joakim Soria ( 0 - 1 ) . Bud Norris ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Bud Norris ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Tommy Pham led off the bottom of the ninth	True
Tommy Pham led off the bottom of the ninth with a home run off Joakim Soria ( 0 - 1 ) . Bud Norris ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Logan Morrison also homered for the Twins , who won for just the second time in nine games . Alan Busenitz ( 2 - 0 ) escaped a bases - loaded jam in the top of the 13th	True
He struck out three and walked four . Morrison led off the seventh	True
Morrison led off the seventh with a homer to left - center to give the Twins a 1 - 0 lead . Morrison led off the seventh	True
Morrison led off the seventh with a drive into the left - field seats for a 1 - 0 lead . Morrison led off the seventh	True
Morrison led off the seventh with a drive to right for his 12th homer of the season . Morrison led off the seventh	True
It was Crawford 's first career game - ending homer . Reyes Moronta ( 4 - 1 ) got two outs in the ninth	True
Giants starter Kyle Freeland pitched seven scoreless innings , allowing four hits , striking out four and walking one . Reyes Moronta ( 4 - 1 ) retired the only two batters he faced in the top of the ninth	True
Nolan Arenado hit a two - run homer for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Nolan Arenado hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Drew Rucinski ( 2 - 1 ) gave up three runs in 2 2/3 innings . Kyle Barraclough pitched a perfect ninth	True
Daniel Hudson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Kenley Jansen pitched the 11th	True
Daniel Hudson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Kenley Jansen pitched the 11th	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . San Francisco took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter . Corey Knebel pitched the ninth	True
Corey Knebel pitched the ninth for his seventh save . Jesus Aguilar hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Jesus Aguilar added a solo shot in the eighth	True
Jesus Aguilar hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Jesus Aguilar added a solo shot in the eighth . Corey Knebel pitched the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Starling Marte hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Marte hit a solo home run in the eighth	True
Yuli Gurriel hit a two - run double with one out in the ninth inning and the Astros rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Altuve singled off Sergio Romo ( 1 - 2 ) with one out in the ninth	True
Altuve singled off Sergio Romo ( 1 - 2 ) with one out in the ninth and scored on a single by Alex Bregman to give the Astros a 5 - 4 lead . Collin McHugh ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked five . Joey Wendle hit a two - run single in the third	True
Joey Wendle hit a two - run single in the third for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . Collin McHugh ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked five . Joey Wendle hit a two - run single in the third	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Joe Jimenez struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked four . The White Sox threatened in the second	True
He walked one and struck out three . The A 's scored an unearned run in the eighth	True
The A 's scored an unearned run in the eighth off Cam Bedrosian , who gave up a run - scoring wild pitch and a wild pitch . Marcus Semien hit an RBI double in the fifth	True
The A 's scored an unearned run in the eighth off Cam Bedrosian , who gave up a run - scoring wild pitch and a wild pitch . Marcus Semien hit an RBI double in the fifth and Marcus Semien added an RBI double in the fifth	False
Marcus Semien hit an RBI double in the fifth and Marcus Semien added an RBI double in the fifth to make it 8 - 2 . Oakland added an unearned run in the eighth	False
He struck out two and walked three . Kyle Barraclough pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out three and walked three . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning when Danny Valencia hit a two - out RBI single and scored on a two - out single by Danny Valencia . In the third	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning when Danny Valencia hit a two - out RBI single and scored on a two - out single by Danny Valencia . In the third , Benintendi hit a two - run homer , and Benintendi hit a two - run drive in the second	True
Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first inning when Danny Valencia hit a two - out RBI single and scored on a two - out single by Danny Valencia . In the third	True
Jake Lamb hit a three - run homer and Daniel Descalso had a two - run triple for the Diamondbacks , who trailed 5 - 0 in the seventh inning . Archie Bradley ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Archie Bradley ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Kyle Crick ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs in one - third	True
Kyle Crick ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs in one - third of an inning . Archie Bradley ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by David Freese . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by David Freese . The Diamondbacks had runners on first	False
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by David Freese . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second	False
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by David Freese . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Musgrove got out of the jam by striking out Paul Goldschmidt and Paul Goldschmidt . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by David Freese . The Diamondbacks had runners on first	False
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by David Freese . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second	False
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by David Freese . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
Kyle Seager hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the sixth inning , James Paxton struck out 10 in seven innings and the Mariners beat the Tampa Bay Rays 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Kyle Seager added a two - run homer in the seventh	True
He struck out 10 and did not walk a batter . Edwin Diaz pitched the ninth	True
He struck out 10 and did not walk a batter . Edwin Diaz pitched the ninth	True
Crawford had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth inning , and Derek Holland ( 4 - 6 ) allowed three hits in five scoreless innings . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth	True
Crawford hit a game - ending single in the 10th inning to lift the San Francisco Giants to a 5 - 4 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Andrew McCutchen led off the 10th	True
Crawford hit a game - ending single in the 10th inning to lift the San Francisco Giants to a 5 - 4 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Andrew McCutchen led off the 10th with a single against Andrew Chafin ( 0 - 2 ) and advanced to third	False
Paul Goldschmidt had four hits and drove in two runs for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Paul Goldschmidt had four hits for the Diamondbacks , including a two - run double in the third	True
Paul Goldschmidt had four hits for the Diamondbacks , including a two - run double in the third . Goldschmidt had an RBI double in the fifth	True
Paul Goldschmidt had four hits for the Diamondbacks , including a two - run double in the third . Goldschmidt had an RBI double in the fifth and a double in the sixth	False
Profar homered twice and drove in five runs , Bartolo Colon won his third straight start and the Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Profar homered in the first inning and hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Khris Davis hit a two - run homer for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Khris Davis hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
He walked none and struck out a season - high 13 . Sean Doolittle pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Brad Brach pitched the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Brad Brach pitched the ninth	True
Roenis Elias ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two hits in two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Mitch Haniger led off the 13th	True
Andriese ( 1 - 3 ) took the loss in relief of Austin Pruitt , who allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings . Johnny Field hit his first homer of the season for Tampa Bay , a solo shot in the fifth	True
Escobar hit two home runs and drove in four runs , Eduardo Escobar homered twice and the Twins beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Escobar hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the seventh	True
Jose Berrios ( 6 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings for the Twins . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth	True
Jose Berrios ( 6 - 5 ) gave up four runs and five hits in six innings for the Twins . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth	True
Jameson Taillon ( 8 - 8 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings for the Pirates . Felipe Rivero worked the ninth	True
Baez 's three - run homer in the fourth tied the game at 3 - 3 . Baez had three hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth	True
Baez had three hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth that tied the game at 3 . Baez had three hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth	False
Urena ( 3 - 10 ) allowed one hit , walked four and struck out five in six innings . He also drove in a run with a double in the fifth	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Miguel Rojas . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Keone Kela pitched the ninth	True
Houston starter Mike Minor ( 7 - 6 ) allowed four hits and two runs with eight strikeouts in six innings . Keone Kela pitched the ninth	True
He walked five and struck out four . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Gennett . The Reds tied it in the fourth	True
The Reds tied it in the fourth . Mason Williams led off with a single , stole second	False
Votto 's RBI single in the fourth made it 2 - 2 . Hoskins hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Hoskins hit a two - run homer in the fourth for a 2 - 1 lead . The Reds tied it in the fourth	True
Mason Williams led off with a double and scored on Hamilton 's single . Votto 's RBI single made it 2 - 2 in the fourth	True
Anderson hit a game - ending single in the 10th inning to lift the Marlins to a 2 - 1 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . The Nationals tied the game 1 - 1 in the ninth	True
Anderson hit a game - ending single in the 10th inning to lift the Marlins to a 2 - 1 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . The Nationals tied the game 1 - 1 in the ninth when Bryce Harper walked , stole second	False
Brett Graves ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Kyle Barraclough gave up an RBI single to Daniel Murphy in the ninth	True
Brett Graves ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Kyle Barraclough gave up an RBI single to Daniel Murphy in the ninth , but the Nationals tied the game 1 - 1 on Daniel Murphy 's RBI single off Kyle Barraclough in the ninth	True
The right - hander struck out the side in the ninth inning to earn his second save in three tries , and the Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Tampa Bay took a 4 - 2 lead in the seventh	True
He walked three and struck out four . Blake Treinen pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Rangers took a 6 - 3 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Rangers took a 6 - 3 lead in the fourth on Jonathan Lucroy 's sacrifice fly and Khris Davis ' run - scoring triple in the fourth	True
The Rangers took a 6 - 3 lead in the fourth on Jonathan Lucroy 's sacrifice fly and Khris Davis ' run - scoring triple in the fourth . Chapman hit a solo homer in the second	True
Chapman hit a solo homer in the second to give Oakland a 3 - 2 lead . The Rangers tied it at 3 in the second	True
The Rangers tied it at 3 in the second on a run - scoring single by Jurickson Profar and a run - scoring single by Jurickson Profar . The Rangers tied it at 3 in the second	False
The Rangers tied it at 3 in the second on a run - scoring single by Jurickson Profar and a run - scoring single by Jurickson Profar . The Rangers tied it at 3 in the second	False
The Rangers tied it at 3 in the second on a run - scoring single by Choo and a run - scoring single by Jurickson Profar . The Rangers tied it at 3 in the second	False
He struck out four and walked two . The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
Nimmo hit a three - run homer in the 10th inning , and the Mets beat the Philadelphia Phillies 3 - 0 on Tuesday night . Nimmo 's pinch - hit , three - run homer off Mark Leiter Jr. ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Mets a three - run lead in the 10th	True
Nimmo 's pinch - hit , three - run homer off Mark Leiter Jr. ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Mets a three - run lead in the 10th . Robert Gsellman ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Machado hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning and a two - run shot in the seventh inning , giving the Orioles a 5 - 3 lead . It was Machado 's second multi - homer game of the season and second	False
It was Machado 's second multi - homer game of the season and second this season . He also had a two - run double in the fourth inning and a two - run drive in the seventh	True
He also had a two - run double in the fourth inning and a two - run drive in the seventh . Machado hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning and a two - run drive in the seventh	True
Machado hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning and a two - run drive in the seventh . He also hit a two - run double in the fourth inning and added a two - run drive in the seventh	True
He also hit a two - run double in the fourth inning and added a two - run drive in the seventh . Zach Britton ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth	True
Luke Farrell ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Brandon Farrell ( 3 - 3 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th	True
Brandon Farrell ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Brandon Farrell ( 3 - 3 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th	True
Brandon Farrell ( 3 - 3 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th for the win . Brandon Farrell ( 3 - 3 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th	False
Brandon Farrell ( 3 - 3 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th for the win . Brandon Farrell ( 3 - 3 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th	False
Brandon Farrell ( 3 - 3 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th for the win . Brandon Farrell ( 3 - 3 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th	False
He struck out three and walked two . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Javier Baez , a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Javier Baez and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Javier Baez . The Cubs tied it in the fourth	True
The Cubs tied it in the fourth on a fielder 's choice by Baez and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Javier Baez . The Reds tied it in the fourth	False
The Reds tied it in the fourth on a fielder 's choice grounder by Baez and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Baez . The Reds tied it in the fourth	False
Gurriel hit a three - run homer in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the sixth inning to help the Astros to a 12 - 6 win over the White Sox on Tuesday night . Gurriel hit a three - run homer off James Shields ( 3 - 10 ) in the third inning and added an RBI single in the fifth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Brad Boxberger pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI fielder 's choice by Carlos Asuaje and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Carlos Asuaje . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Nationals have lost five of six . Brandon Workman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Tanner Roark ( 3 - 10 ) allowed nine runs and 10 hits in seven innings for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Brandon Workman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Martinez hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the ninth	True
Martinez hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the ninth off Matt Grace . Brandon Workman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last four starts . Brandon Belt hit a two - run triple in the eighth	True
Mark Reynolds hit a grand slam , Mark Reynolds added a pinch - hit homer and the Nationals routed the Mets 15 - 0 in the opener of a day - night doubleheader . Jefry Rodriguez ( 2 - 1 ) pitched six innings of two - hit ball , and Wilmer Difo hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Jefry Rodriguez ( 2 - 1 ) pitched six innings of two - hit ball , and Wilmer Difo hit a two - run homer in the eighth to help the Nationals snap a three - game skid . Wilmer Difo added a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Jefry Rodriguez ( 2 - 1 ) pitched six innings of two - hit ball , and Wilmer Difo hit a two - run homer in the eighth to help the Nationals snap a three - game skid . Wilmer Difo added a two - run homer in the eighth and Wilmer Difo added a two - run shot in the eighth	False
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Tigers took a 5 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Shohei Ohtani hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Shohei Ohtani hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Shohei Ohtani hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Shohei Ohtani hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Angels , who have lost three straight and four of five . Shohei Ohtani hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
He walked two and struck out one . The Angels took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Angels took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Alex Bregman and a double by Altuve , who was hit by a pitch and scored on Alex Bregman 's double . Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . Jose Rondon hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Jose Rondon hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Jose Rondon hit a two - run homer in the eighth	False
Jose Rondon hit a two - run homer in the eighth for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Jose Rondon hit a two - run homer in the eighth	False
He struck out five and walked one . Jose Rondon hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Roberto Osuna pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out three without walking a batter . The Mariners scored twice in the sixth	True
Jose Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Jose Ramirez added a solo shot for the Indians , who have won six of seven . Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked four . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Ramos had three hits and three RBI , and Wilson Ramos had three hits and three RBI for the Phillies . Tommy Hunter ( 4 - 2 ) got one out in the seventh	True
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . The Red Sox jumped ahead 3 - 0 in the third	True
He walked four and struck out two . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on Moreland 's bases - clearing double . The Red Sox cut it to 3 - 2 in the fourth	False
The Red Sox cut it to 3 - 2 in the fourth on Maikel Franco 's RBI groundout and Franco 's run - scoring single . Philadelphia cut it to 3 - 2 in the fourth	False
Acuna hit a leadoff home run and drove in three runs , Touki Toussaint pitched six strong innings and the Atlanta Braves beat the Miami Marlins 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Acuna 's homer was his first	False
He struck out four and walked two . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Kurt Suzuki led off with a single , stole second	False
The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Kurt Suzuki led off with a single , stole second , advanced to third	False
Kurt Suzuki led off with a single , stole second , advanced to third on a wild pitch and scored on Freddie Freeman 's sacrifice fly . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Johan Camargo 's RBI double and Freddie Freeman 's sacrifice fly . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Johan Camargo 's RBI double and a run - scoring double by Charlie Culberson . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
He struck out five and walked two . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Johan Camargo 's RBI double and Freddie Freeman 's sacrifice fly . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
Danny Duffy ( 7 - 11 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings for Kansas City , which has lost three straight . Alcides Escobar hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
The right - hander is winless in his last three starts . Alcides Escobar hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
The right - hander is winless in his last three starts . The Royals scored three runs in the third	True
The Royals scored three runs in the third , including a two - run homer by Alcides Escobar and a two - run shot by Alcides Escobar that cut the Cardinals ' lead to 4 - 2 . Escobar hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
He walked three and struck out three . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a bases - loaded walk to Juan Soto and an RBI double by Daniel Murphy . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	False
Ryan Zimmerman followed with a run - scoring double and Ryan Zimmerman added a run - scoring double . The Braves added a run in the sixth	True
CLEVELAND -- Francisco Lindor hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning to lift the Cleveland Indians to a 5 - 2 win over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Lindor hit a three - run homer off Trevor Hildenberger ( 2 - 3 ) with two outs in the bottom of the ninth	True
Lindor hit a three - run homer off Trevor Hildenberger ( 2 - 3 ) with two outs in the bottom of the ninth to give the Indians a 5 - 2 win over the Twins on Tuesday night . Lindor hit a three - run homer off Trevor Hildenberger ( 2 - 3 ) with two outs in the ninth	False
Lindor hit a three - run homer off Trevor Hildenberger ( 2 - 3 ) with two outs in the ninth to give the Indians a 5 - 2 lead . Cody Allen ( 4 - 4 ) got the win despite allowing a tying homer to Miguel Sano in the top of the ninth	False
Cody Allen ( 4 - 4 ) got the win despite allowing a tying homer to Miguel Sano in the top of the ninth . Cody Allen ( 4 - 4 ) got the win despite allowing a tying homer to Miguel Sano in the top of the ninth	False
Cody Allen ( 4 - 4 ) got the win despite allowing a tying homer to Miguel Sano in the top of the ninth . Cody Allen ( 4 - 4 ) got the win despite giving up a tying homer to Miguel Sano in the top of the ninth	False
Logan Forsythe 's RBI double in the fourth tied the score 1 - 1 . The Indians tied it in the fourth	True
The Indians tied it in the fourth on Logan Forsythe 's RBI double . Sano led off the top of the ninth	True
Stanton hit a grand slam , Luis Severino pitched seven strong innings and the Yankees beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Stanton hit a grand slam off Lucas Giolito ( 7 - 9 ) to give the Yankees a 6 - 2 lead in the second inning , and Aaron Hicks added a solo homer in the fifth	True
Palka hit a go - ahead , three - run homer in the eighth inning and the White Sox rallied for a 6 - 4 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Palka , who had a pinch - hit , three - run homer in the eighth inning to give Chicago a 6 - 3 lead , hit a three - run homer off Jason Hammel to make it 6 - 3 in the eighth	True
Luis Avilan got the final two outs for his first career save . Whit Merrifield hit a three - run homer off Xavier Cedeno ( 1 - 0 ) with two outs in the eighth	True
Luis Avilan got the final two outs for his first career save . Whit Merrifield hit a three - run homer off Xavier Cedeno ( 1 - 0 ) with two outs in the eighth	True
He struck out a career - high nine and walked three . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Kemp hit a go - ahead home run in the fifth inning and the Dodgers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Kemp 's pinch - hit , two - run double in the ninth	True
Kemp 's pinch - hit , two - run double in the ninth off Brad Boxberger ( 2 - 5 ) gave the Dodgers a 3 - 2 lead . Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Brad Boxberger ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and four hits in one - third	True
Brad Boxberger ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and four hits in one - third of an inning . Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Brad Boxberger ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and four hits in one - third	True
Brad Boxberger ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and four hits in one - third of an inning . The Dodgers tied it at 1 in the seventh	True
The Dodgers tied it at 1 in the seventh on Alex Avila 's sacrifice fly . The Dodgers tied it in the seventh	False
The Dodgers tied it in the seventh on Alex Avila 's sacrifice fly . The Dodgers tied it at 1 in the seventh	True
The Dodgers tied it at 1 in the seventh on Alex Avila 's sacrifice fly . The Dodgers tied it in the seventh	False
The Dodgers tied it in the seventh on Alex Avila 's sacrifice fly . The Dodgers tied it in the seventh	False
Paul Goldschmidt led off with a double and scored on Alex Avila 's sacrifice fly . The Diamondbacks tied it in the seventh	True
Paul Goldschmidt led off with a double and scored on Alex Avila 's sacrifice fly . The Diamondbacks tied it in the seventh	True
The Diamondbacks tied it in the seventh on Alex Avila 's sacrifice fly . Descalso hit a leadoff homer in the top of the ninth	False
Descalso hit a leadoff homer in the top of the ninth to give the Diamondbacks a 1 - 0 lead . Descalso hit a solo shot in the ninth	True
Rosario hit a sacrifice fly in the 11th inning , leading the Mets to a 2 - 1 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . With runners on first	False
Rosario hit a sacrifice fly in the 11th inning , leading the Mets to a 2 - 1 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . With runners on first and second	False
Rosario hit a sacrifice fly in the 11th inning , leading the Mets to a 2 - 1 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . With runners on first and second and one out in the 11th	True
With runners on first and second and one out in the 11th , Wilmer Flores lined a 1 - 2 pitch from Hunter Strickland ( 3 - 4 ) over the head of right fielder Gorkys Hernandez , who threw home for the final out . Jerry Blevins ( 2 - 2 ) pitched one inning for the win and Robert Gsellman worked a perfect 11th	True
Jerry Blevins ( 2 - 2 ) pitched one inning for the win and Robert Gsellman worked a perfect 11th for his ninth save . Jerry Blevins ( 2 - 2 ) pitched one inning for the win and Robert Gsellman worked the 11th	True
Jerry Blevins ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Robert Gsellman worked the 11th	True
He struck out three and walked three . Evan Longoria hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
