It was the first walk - off homer of the season for Zimmerman , who had been 0 - for - 4 with two strikeouts in his first two at - bats . It was the second game - ending homer of his career , and his first	False
It was the second game - ending homer of the season for Zimmerman , who had been 0 - for - 8 in his career against the right - hander . It was the first game - ending homer of Zimmerman 's career , and his first	False
It was the second game - ending homer of the season for Zimmerman , who came into the game leading the NL in batting average ( .250 ) and RBIs ( < unk > ) . Zimmerman 's homer was his first	False
It was the second game - ending homer of the season for Zimmerman , who came into the game leading the NL in batting average ( .250 ) and RBIs ( < unk > ) . Zimmerman 's homer was his first of the season , and his first	False
He has homered in three straight games . Jon Rauch ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . Jason Isringhausen worked a perfect ninth	True
Edwin Encarnacion homered for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Cincinnati took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Edwin Encarnacion homered for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Cincinnati took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Cincinnati took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Ryan Freel and a run - scoring single by Ryan Freel . The Cardinals tied it in the third	True
Cincinnati took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Ryan Freel and a run - scoring single by Ryan Freel . The Cardinals tied it in the third on a two - out RBI single by Ankiel , who had three hits and drove in a run with a single in the third	True
The Cardinals tied it in the third on a two - out RBI single by Ankiel , who had three hits and drove in a run with a single in the third . The Cardinals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Marlins , who have won three of their past four games , have lost four of five . Florida 's Blake Tankersley allowed DeWitt 's two - run triple in the eighth	True
The Marlins , who have won three of their past four games , have lost four of five . Florida 's Blake Tankersley allowed DeWitt 's two - run triple in the eighth , and the Dodgers added three runs in the eighth	True
DeWitt hit a two - out triple off reliever Taylor Tankersley , and DeWitt hit a bases - clearing triple to make it 13 - 1 . DeWitt hit a three - run triple in the eighth	True
DeWitt hit a three - run triple in the eighth . The Dodgers ' Blake DeWitt hit a three - run triple in the eighth	True
DeWitt hit a three - run triple in the eighth . The Dodgers ' Blake DeWitt hit a three - run triple in the eighth , and the Dodgers added three runs in the eighth	True
The Dodgers ' Blake DeWitt hit a three - run triple in the eighth , and the Dodgers added three runs in the eighth off reliever Justin Miller . The Marlins ' Blake DeWitt hit a three - run triple in the eighth	False
The Dodgers ' Blake DeWitt hit a three - run triple in the eighth , and the Dodgers added three runs in the eighth off reliever Justin Miller . The Marlins ' Blake DeWitt hit a three - run triple in the eighth , and the Dodgers added three runs in the eighth	False
Giambi hit two of Cleveland 's three home runs , Paul Byrd pitched 5 2/3 innings and the Indians beat the New York Yankees 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Peralta hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Giambi hit two of Cleveland 's three home runs , Paul Byrd pitched 5 2/3 innings and the Indians beat the New York Yankees 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Peralta hit a three - run homer in the fifth and a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Peralta hit a three - run homer in the fifth and a two - run shot in the fifth to give the Indians a 4 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Giambi , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Giambi 's solo shot in the sixth gave the Indians a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Giambi , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Giambi 's solo shot in the sixth gave the Indians a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Giambi , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Giambi 's solo shot in the sixth gave the Indians a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Giambi , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
He struck out none and did n't walk a batter . Rafael Betancourt pitched a perfect ninth	True
Damaso Marte ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Matt Capps pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander walked four and struck out one . The Cardinals took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Cardinals took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on Troy Glaus ' two - run double and Adam Kennedy 's two - run single . Adam Kennedy 's two - run single made it 2 - 0 in the first	True
The Cardinals took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on Troy Glaus ' two - run double and Adam Kennedy 's two - run single . Adam Kennedy 's two - run single made it 2 - 0 in the first , and Bay tied it with a two - run homer in the fifth	True
It was the second time this season the Pirates have hit back - to - back home runs . Bay hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Ryan Doumit led off with a double and scored on Jose Bautista 's single to center . The Cardinals added a run in the eighth	True
Gabe Kapler hit a game - ending single in the 12th inning to give the Brewers a 9 - 3 win over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . The Cardinals scored three times in the seventh	True
He was replaced by Brad Thompson , who gave up a sacrifice fly to Rickie Weeks and a run - scoring single to Prince Fielder to make it 8 - 3 . Wainwright was replaced by Mitch Riske , who walked Jason Kendall to load the bases with one out in the seventh	True
Milwaukee starter Kyle Lohse gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He had an RBI single in the second	True
Milwaukee starter Kyle Lohse gave up four runs and eight hits in four - plus innings . He had an RBI single in the second and a run - scoring single in the third	True
He had an RBI single in the second and a run - scoring single in the third . Ryan Braun hit a two - run double in the third	True
He had an RBI single in the second and a run - scoring single in the third . Ryan Braun hit a two - run double in the third and Weeks added a three - run triple in the sixth	False
Ryan Braun hit a two - run double in the third and Weeks added a three - run triple in the sixth to give the Cardinals a 7 - 3 lead . Milwaukee tied it at 8 - all in the seventh	True
Milwaukee tied it at 8 - all in the seventh on an RBI single by Miles and a run - scoring single by Prince Fielder . The Cardinals tied it at 8 in the seventh	True
He walked five and struck out three . Blake gave the Indians a 4 - 0 lead with a two - run single in the second	True
Blake gave the Indians a 4 - 0 lead with a two - run single in the second . Blake gave the Indians a 4 - 0 lead in the seventh	True
Blake gave the Indians a 4 - 0 lead in the seventh with his first homer of the season . Blake gave the Indians a 4 - 0 lead in the seventh	False
Blake gave the Indians a 4 - 0 lead in the seventh with a solo homer off Juan Rincon . Blake gave the Indians a 4 - 0 lead in the seventh	False
Blake gave the Indians a 4 - 0 lead in the seventh with his first homer of the season . Blake gave the Indians a 4 - 0 lead in the seventh	False
Blake gave the Indians a 4 - 0 lead in the seventh with his first homer of the season . Blake gave the Indians a 4 - 0 lead with a leadoff homer in the seventh	True
Blake gave the Indians a 4 - 0 lead with a leadoff homer in the seventh . Blake gave the Indians a 4 - 0 lead in the seventh	False
It was the first grand slam of the season for Ortiz , who hit a three - run homer in the first game of the series . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Jed Lowrie and a sacrifice fly by Josh Hamilton . Pedroia hit a two - run homer off Josh Rupe in the sixth	True
Josh Rupe , recalled from Triple-A Round Rock earlier in the day , allowed two runs and four hits in four innings in his major league debut . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Jason Varitek had an RBI double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jed Lowrie . Jacoby Ellsbury 's RBI triple made it 5 - 1 in the fourth	True
Jason Varitek had an RBI double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jed Lowrie . Jacoby Ellsbury 's RBI triple made it 5 - 1 in the fourth , and Blalock 's two - run homer made it 9 - 1 in the sixth	False
The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a < unk > ERA in his previous four starts . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth	True
The Angels have lost six of seven . Sexson hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the seventh	True
Hunter had three hits , including a three - run homer in the first inning that gave the Angels a 3 - 0 lead . It was the first multihomer game of his career and the first	False
It was the first multihomer game of his career and the first of his career . Sexson hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the seventh	True
It was the first multihomer game for Sexson , who hit a three - run homer in the Angels ' 3 - 1 victory over the Mariners on Opening Day . The Angels added a run in the sixth	True
Conor Jackson homered and drove in three runs , Randy Winn hit a two - run single and the San Francisco Giants beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Keiichi Yabu ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win , and Brian Wilson worked the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out three . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first when Orlando Hudson led off with a double and scored on Jackson 's wild pitch . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Jackson and a run - scoring single by Justin Upton . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Jackson and a run - scoring double by Jackson . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Jackson and a run - scoring double by Jackson . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Jackson and a run - scoring double by Jackson . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 0.86 ERA in three starts against the Twins this season . Alex Gordon homered off Francisco Liriano ( 0 - 1 ) leading off the eighth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 0.86 ERA in three starts against the Twins this season . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Justin Morneau 's two - out RBI single . Esteban German 's RBI single in the fourth made it 4 - 1 , and Gordon added a solo homer off Juan Rincon in the eighth	True
It was the first time the Royals had scored more than three runs in a game this season . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Bobby Crosby 's three - run homer in the seventh gave the Indians a 7 - 2 lead . It was the first three - run homer of the season for Crosby , who hit a three - run shot off Fausto Carmona ( 1 - 1 ) in the seventh	True
It was the first three - run homer of the season for Crosby , who hit a three - run shot in the 10th inning of Tuesday 's 6 - 4 win over the Chicago White Sox . Bobby Denorfia drew a bases - loaded walk in the fourth	True
It was the first three - run homer of the season for Crosby , who hit a three - run shot in the 10th inning of Tuesday 's 6 - 4 win over the Chicago White Sox . Bobby Denorfia drew a bases - loaded walk in the fourth , and Daric Barton hit a two - run single in the third	True
Bobby Denorfia drew a bases - loaded walk in the fourth , and Daric Barton hit a two - run single in the third to give the Athletics a 2 - 0 lead . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a bases - loaded walk to Chris Denorfia and a run - scoring groundout by Casey Blake . Oakland took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Oakland took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - run single by Chris Denorfia and a two - run single by Ryan Garko . The Indians added a run in the sixth	True
The right - hander was coming off a three - hit shutout against Tampa Bay in his previous start , a 6 - 2 win over the New York Yankees . Jackson 's two - run single off Miguel Batista ( 0 - 2 ) gave the Rays a 4 - 0 lead in the seventh	True
Mark Lowe , Mark Lowe and Trever Miller each worked a scoreless inning to complete the two - hitter . Eric Hinske and DiFelice hit back - to - back homers in the fourth	True
Eric Hinske and DiFelice hit back - to - back homers in the fourth to give the Mariners a 1 - 0 lead . Seattle added two more in the seventh	True
Seattle added two more in the seventh on DiFelice 's RBI single and DiFelice 's wild pitch . The Rays scored three times in the seventh	True
Brian Bass pitched four innings for his first major league save . He allowed a two - out RBI single to Pablo Ozuna in the ninth	True
He allowed a two - out RBI single to Pablo Ozuna in the ninth before retiring Jim Thome on a fly ball for his first career save . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Kubel 's sacrifice fly in the second gave the Twins a 2 - 0 lead . Kubel 's sacrifice fly in the second made it 3 - 0 , and the Twins added three more in the third	True
Harris homered in the bottom half to make it 7 - 2 . The White Sox scored five runs in the sixth	True
The right - hander , who had been 0 - 4 in his previous six starts , was charged with three runs and six hits in his second career complete game . Asdrubal Cabrera hit a two - out , two - run single with two outs in the fifth	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit a two - out , two - run single with two outs in the fifth to give the Indians a 2 - 0 lead . Guerrero tied it at 3 with a two - out , two - run homer off Justin Speier ( 0 - 1 ) in the ninth	True
It was his third homer of the season and first since Aug. 1 . Hafner hit a two - out , two - run homer off Justin Speier ( 0 - 1 ) in the ninth	True
Hafner hit a two - out , two - run homer off Justin Speier ( 0 - 1 ) in the ninth to give the Indians a 4 - 3 lead . Hafner hit a two - out , two - run homer in the ninth	True
Hafner hit a two - out , two - run homer in the ninth off Justin Speier ( 0 - 1 ) to give the Indians a 4 - 3 lead . Hafner hit a two - out , two - run homer off Justin Speier in the ninth	True
Hafner hit a two - out , two - run homer off Justin Speier in the ninth to give the Indians a 4 - 3 lead . It was Hafner 's team - leading 12th homer of the season and second	False
The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his first five starts with the Indians , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Los Angeles Angels on April 8 . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Hanley Ramirez and Dan Uggla each hit a three - run homer , and the Florida Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Ramirez hit a three - run homer off Tim Redding ( 1 - 1 ) in the third inning and added a three - run shot in the third	True
It was the first time the Marlins had scored at least seven runs in a game this season . Ramirez hit a three - run homer off Andrew Miller in the third	True
It was the first time the Marlins had scored at least seven runs in a game this season . Ramirez hit a three - run homer off Andrew Miller in the third , and Uggla tied it at 6 with a solo shot in the sixth	True
It was the third time this season the Marlins have hit back - to - back homers . Ramirez , who had three hits , added a three - run homer in the third	True
It was the third time this season the Marlins have hit back - to - back homers . Ramirez , who had three hits , added a three - run homer in the third , his first	False
Ramirez , who had three hits , added a three - run homer in the third , his first of the season . The Marlins tied it at 6 in the fourth	False
The Marlins tied it at 6 in the fourth on a two - run double by Lastings Milledge and a two - run double by Alfredo Amezaga . The Nationals tied it at 6 in the fourth	False
Dennis Sarfate ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of hitless relief for the win . George Sherrill worked a perfect ninth	True
George Sherrill worked a perfect ninth for his fourth save . Eric O'Flaherty ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in one - third	True
Yuniesky Betancourt drew a leadoff walk and scored on a double by Roberts , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Suzuki hit a leadoff homer in the first	True
Yuniesky Betancourt drew a leadoff walk and scored on a double by Roberts , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Suzuki hit a leadoff homer in the first , and Mora hit a two - run shot in the third	True
Suzuki hit a leadoff homer in the first , and Mora hit a two - run shot in the third . It was Mora 's fourth homer of the season and second	False
He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Joe Nathan pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out two and walked one . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Jose Guillen and a run - scoring single by Billy Butler . The Royals tied it in the second	True
The Royals tied it in the second on an RBI single by Mark Grudzielanek and a run - scoring single by Adam Everett . The Royals took a 4 - 3 lead in the fourth	True
The Royals took a 4 - 3 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Justin Morneau and a run - scoring single by Joe Mauer , who was 2 - for - 4 with an RBI and a run scored . The Twins took a 4 - 3 lead in the fourth	False
The Twins took a 4 - 3 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Adam Everett and a run - scoring groundout by Adam Everett . But the Royals got a run back in the fourth	True
Ross homered twice and drove in four runs , Fernando Tatis had a two - run double in the 12th inning and the New York Mets beat the Florida Marlins 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . David Wright led off the 12th	True
Ross homered twice and drove in four runs , Fernando Tatis had a two - run double in the 12th inning and the New York Mets beat the Florida Marlins 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . David Wright led off the 12th with a single off Justin Miller ( 1 - 2 ) and advanced to second	False
He struck out seven , walked four and hit a batter . Luis Castillo hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and Mike Rabelo hit a solo shot in the third	True
Luis Castillo hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and Mike Rabelo hit a solo shot in the third to give the Marlins a 2 - 1 lead . Ross led off the fifth	True
He struck out seven , walked four and hit a batter . Ross hit a solo shot in the fifth	True
Ross hit a solo shot in the fifth to give the Mets a 4 - 2 lead . It was Reyes ' first multihomer game of the season and the first	False
It was the first multihomer game of his career and first since July 26 , 2011 , against the Mets . Ross hit a solo shot in the fifth	True
Ross hit a solo shot in the fifth for a 4 - 2 lead . It was his second homer of the season and second	False
It was his second homer of the season and second in two days . Ross led off the fifth	True
He also hit a two - run shot in the first inning of the Marlins ' 3 - 2 win over the Marlins on Tuesday night . Ross hit his first homer of the season in the fifth	True
Ross hit his first homer of the season in the fifth to make it 4 - 2 . It was Reyes ' first multihomer game of the season and the first	False
It was the first time the Mets hit back - to - back homers this season . Mike Jacobs hit a solo shot in the third	True
He struck out seven and walked none . Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth	True
Carlos Quentin drove in three runs and A. J. Pierzynski had a run - scoring double for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Jermaine Dye hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Victor Martinez and a run - scoring single by David Dellucci . The White Sox tied it in the fourth	True
The White Sox tied it in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Jamey Carroll and a sacrifice fly by Ben Francisco . The White Sox tied it in the fourth	False
The White Sox tied it in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Quentin and a run - scoring double by David Dellucci . Chicago tied it at 2 in the fifth	True
Chicago tied it at 2 in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Joe Crede and an RBI double by A. J. Pierzynski . Chicago tied it at 3 in the seventh	False
The Orioles have lost six of seven . New York went up 9 - 8 in the bottom of the 11th	True
Reyes homered twice , Ricky Nolasco won for the first time in four starts and the Marlins beat the New York Mets 7 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fourth straight win . Reyes hit a solo homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the second inning , his second	False
Reyes hit a solo homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the second inning , his second of the season , in the second inning off Mike Pelfrey ( 2 - 6 ) . It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first	False
The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on Matt Treanor 's RBI single and Reyes ' solo homer in the bottom half . The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Reyes , who hit a three - run shot in Tuesday 's 3 - 2 win over the Mets . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Dan Uggla and a run - scoring double by Matt Treanor . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 on Carl Crawford 's two - out single in the fifth	True
Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 on Carl Crawford 's two - out single in the fifth . Carlos Pena added a sacrifice fly in the eighth	False
Carlos Pena added a sacrifice fly in the eighth for the Rays . Troy Percival pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 on Carl Crawford 's RBI single in the fifth	True
Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 on Carl Crawford 's RBI single in the fifth . The Orioles had runners on first	False
Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 on Carl Crawford 's RBI single in the fifth . The Orioles had runners on first and second	False
Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 on Carl Crawford 's RBI single in the fifth . The Orioles had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
The Diamondbacks have won six of their last seven games . Davis hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
The Diamondbacks have won six of their last seven games . Davis hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Chris Resop , and Mark Reynolds added a solo shot in the eighth	True
Young 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Diamondbacks a 10 - 1 lead . It was the first homer of the season for Young , who hit a two - run shot in the ninth	True
It was the first time Arizona had scored more than three runs in a game this season . Stephen Drew hit a solo homer in the first	True
It was the first time Arizona had scored more than three runs in a game this season . Stephen Drew hit a solo homer in the first and Conor Jackson added a solo shot in the fifth	True
Mike Cameron hit a two - run homer , Manny Parra pitched into the sixth inning and the Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jason Bay hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh 's Corey Hart hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
Gagne walked Nate McLouth and Bill Hall to load the bases before striking out Adam LaRoche and getting Prince Fielder on a fly ball to end the game . The Pirates had a chance to score in the eighth	True
Gagne walked Nate McLouth and Bill Hall to load the bases before striking out Adam LaRoche and getting Prince Fielder on a fly ball to end the game . The Pirates had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter Luis Rivas reached on an error by third baseman J. J. Hardy , but Adam LaRoche was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second	False
Gagne walked Nate McLouth and Bill Hall to load the bases before striking out Adam LaRoche and getting Prince Fielder on a fly ball to end the game . The Pirates had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter Luis Rivas reached on an error by third baseman J. J. Hardy , but Adam LaRoche was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Nate McLouth 's grounder to third	False
The Pirates had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter Luis Rivas reached on an error by third baseman J. J. Hardy , but Adam LaRoche was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Nate McLouth 's grounder to third . The Pirates had runners on first	False
The Pirates had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter Luis Rivas reached on an error by third baseman J. J. Hardy , but Adam LaRoche was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Nate McLouth 's grounder to third . The Pirates had runners on first and second	False
The Pirates had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter Luis Rivas reached on an error by third baseman J. J. Hardy , but Adam LaRoche was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Nate McLouth 's grounder to third . The Pirates had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
He walked three and struck out six . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out four . Brad Shields worked the eighth	True
He walked four and struck out four . Brad Shields worked the eighth and Scott Downs worked the eighth	False
Brad Wilkerson hit his first career leadoff homer for the Angels , who have lost five of six . Toronto 's Casey Kotchman hit a two - out RBI double in the third	True
Brad Wilkerson hit his first career leadoff homer for the Angels , who have lost five of six . Toronto 's Casey Kotchman hit a two - out RBI double in the third , but the Blue Jays reclaimed the lead in the seventh	True
Gary Matthews Jr. led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Vladimir Guerrero . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Garret Anderson . Toronto tied it in the third	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Garret Anderson . Toronto tied it in the third when Wilkerson doubled , took third	False
Toronto tied it in the third when Wilkerson doubled , took third on a wild pitch and scored on a sacrifice fly by Vladimir Guerrero . Blue Jays left - hander Jason Frasor came on in the seventh	True
The right - hander allowed six hits , struck out five and walked one . Johnson had a two - run double off Nate Robertson ( 1 - 5 ) in the fifth inning and a two - run double in the fifth	True
Johnson had a two - run double off Nate Robertson ( 1 - 5 ) in the fifth inning and a two - run double in the fifth to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 0 lead . Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth	True
Johnson had a two - run double off Nate Robertson ( 1 - 5 ) in the fifth inning and a two - run double in the fifth to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 0 lead . Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth and Chris Young drove in three runs with a bases - loaded walk in the sixth	True
Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth and Chris Young drove in three runs with a bases - loaded walk in the sixth . Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth	False
Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth and Chris Young drove in three runs with a bases - loaded walk in the sixth . Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth , and Chris Young drove in three runs with a bases - loaded walk in the sixth	False
Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth , and Chris Young drove in three runs with a bases - loaded walk in the sixth . Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth	False
Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth , and Chris Young drove in three runs with a bases - loaded walk in the sixth . Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth , and Chris Young drove in three runs with a bases - loaded walk in the sixth	False
Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth , and Chris Young drove in three runs with a bases - loaded walk in the sixth . Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth	False
Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth , and Chris Young drove in three runs with a bases - loaded walk in the sixth . Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth , and Chris Young drove in three runs with a bases - loaded walk in the sixth	False
Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth , and Chris Young drove in three runs with a bases - loaded walk in the sixth . Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth	False
Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth , and Chris Young drove in three runs with a bases - loaded walk in the sixth . Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth , and Chris Young drove in three runs with a bases - loaded walk in the sixth	False
Chris Young had a two - run double in the fifth , and Chris Young drove in three runs with a bases - loaded walk in the sixth . Young walked with the bases loaded to force in a run in the sixth	True
The Braves have lost six of seven . Crosby gave the Braves a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves tied it at 1 in the bottom half on Escobar 's two - out , two - run single . Escobar had a two - run single in the second	True
The Braves tied it at 1 in the bottom half on Escobar 's two - out , two - run single . Escobar had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second	True
Escobar had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . The Braves took a 3 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first	True
The Braves took a 3 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first . Gregor Blanco led off with a single , stole second	False
Escobar 's two - out , two - run single in the second gave the Braves a 3 - 1 lead . Escobar had three hits , including a two - run single in the second	True
Escobar had three hits , including a two - run single in the second . Escobar had three hits , including a two - run double in the sixth	True
Harden is 2 - 0 with a 2.91 ERA in four starts against the Braves this season . Jack Cust hit a solo homer in the first	True
He walked five and struck out three . Sweeney hit a three - run homer in the second	True
Sweeney hit a three - run homer in the second , and Sweeney 's three - run shot in the second gave the A 's a 4 - 0 lead . Sweeney hit a three - run homer in the second	True
Sweeney hit a three - run homer in the second , and Sweeney 's three - run shot in the second gave the A 's a 4 - 0 lead . Sweeney hit a three - run homer in the second , and Daric Barton had a bases - loaded walk in the third	True
He walked five and struck out three . The Braves scored three runs in the ninth	True
Street blew a save for the third time in nine chances . Street gave up three runs in the ninth	True
Street gave up three runs in the ninth , including a run - scoring triple by Kelly Johnson and a run - scoring single by Gregor Blanco . Street gave up three runs and three hits in the ninth	True
The Red Sox won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 6 - 1 against the Brewers this season . The Red Sox scored two runs in the seventh	True
Brandon Newman , Doug Slaten , Doug Slaten , Chad Qualls and Brian Fuentes combined to hold the Rockies to one run over the final three innings . Lyon earned his 12th save with a scoreless ninth	True
Chris Young had a three - run homer and Justin Upton added a two - run triple for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado scored three runs in the eighth	True
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Cole Hamels pitched a four - hitter for his second shutout of the season , and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hamels ( 5 - 3 ) struck out six and walked two in his second career shutout and second	False
He walked three and struck out one . Magglio Ordonez had an RBI double in the eighth	True
He walked three and struck out one . Magglio Ordonez had an RBI double in the eighth and Jose Guillen added an RBI single in the eighth	False
He walked three and struck out one . The Royals scored three runs in the first	True
Joyce 's sacrifice fly in the second scored Miguel Olivo , who led off the inning with a double and scored on Mark Teahen 's single . The Royals scored three runs in the first	True
The Royals scored three runs in the first , including a two - run double by Butler and a run - scoring single by Joey Gathright , and a run - scoring single by Curtis Granderson . Joyce homered in the seventh	True
Padres manager Bud Black said he was n't worried about his team 's recent struggles . The Padres scored four runs in the fifth	True
He struck out eight and walked two . The Padres scored four runs in the fifth	True
Soriano hit a two - run single and Soto added a two - run homer to make it 6 - 3 . The Cubs scored three times in the fifth	True
Aramis Ramirez followed with an RBI double to make it 4 - 0 . Soto hit a two - run homer off Wil Ledezma in the fifth	True
Boof Bonser ( 2 - 5 ) gave up five runs , five hits and three walks in six innings for the Twins , who have lost five of six . Scott Downs pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Blue Jays scored four runs in the first inning off Boof Baker ( 2 - 5 ) , who gave up a run - scoring single to Michael Cuddyer and a run - scoring single to Brad Wilkerson . The Blue Jays took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Blue Jays took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Jason Kubel and a run - scoring single by Brad Wilkerson . The Blue Jays took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	False
It was the first grand slam of the season for Stairs , who had a career - high four RBIs . The Blue Jays took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out four and walked one . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth	True
The Rays have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 0 in the fourth	True
The Rays have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 0 in the fourth on Bobby Abreu 's RBI double , but the Yankees tied it in the fifth	False
Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 0 in the fourth on Bobby Abreu 's RBI double , but the Yankees tied it in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Dioner Navarro . Tampa Bay went up 2 - 0 in the fifth	False
Tampa Bay went up 2 - 0 in the fifth on Cano 's two - out RBI single . Cano had a two - out RBI single in the fifth	True
Cano had a two - out RBI single in the fifth to make it 2 - 0 . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 0 in the fourth	True
Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 0 in the fourth on Bobby Abreu 's two - out RBI double . Tampa Bay went up 2 - 0 in the fifth	True
Tampa Bay went up 2 - 0 in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Bobby Abreu , who was 0 - for - 4 with two strikeouts . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 0 in the fourth	True
He walked five and struck out two . Jody Gerut hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Soriano 's two - run shot in the fifth gave the Cubs a 3 - 2 lead . Soriano 's two - run shot in the fifth gave the Cubs a 3 - 2 lead , and the Cubs broke it open with five runs in the fifth	True
Geovany Soto followed with a two - run single , and Mark DeRosa added a run - scoring single to make it 7 - 2 . DeRosa added an RBI single in the fifth	True
Geovany Soto followed with a two - run single , and Mark DeRosa added a run - scoring single to make it 7 - 2 . DeRosa added an RBI single in the fifth , and Soriano hit a two - run homer off Justin Germano in the fifth	True
Soriano 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Cubs a 3 - 2 lead . It was Soriano 's third homer of the season and second	False
Soriano 's two - run shot in the fifth gave the Cubs a 3 - 2 lead . It was Soriano 's third homer of the season and second	False
Soriano 's two - run shot in the fifth gave the Cubs a 3 - 2 lead . It was Soriano 's third homer of the season and second	False
It was Soriano 's third homer of the season and second in two days . The Cubs scored three times in the fifth	True
Aramis Ramirez hit a run - scoring single and Mark DeRosa added a run - scoring single to make it 7 - 2 . The Padres added three more in the sixth	True
Sanchez 's two - run homer off Manny Acosta in the eighth made it 5 - 0 . LaRoche added a two - run shot in the eighth	True
LaRoche added a two - run shot in the eighth off Manny Acosta . It was his third homer of the season and second	False
Brown hit a three - run homer in the first inning , Emil Brown added a three - run shot and the A 's beat the Texas Rangers 12 - 6 on Tuesday night . Brown hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring single in the sixth	True
Brown hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring single in the sixth to give the A 's a 5 - 4 lead . The A 's scored four runs in the sixth	True
The A 's scored four runs in the sixth to take a 6 - 5 lead . Ian Kinsler led off the inning with a single , stole second	False
Ian Kinsler led off the inning with a single , stole second and came home on a wild pitch by Franklyn German ( 1 - 1 ) . Brown hit a three - run homer in the first	True
Ian Kinsler led off the inning with a single , stole second and came home on a wild pitch by Franklyn German ( 1 - 1 ) . Brown hit a three - run homer in the first and Brown added a two - run shot in the ninth	True
Santiago Casilla ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two hits in 1 1/3 innings for the win . Daric Barton hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
The right - hander walked five and struck out one . The Rangers took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	True
Melvin Mora and Aubrey Huff each hit a two - run homer , and Steve Trachsel ( 2 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Orioles , who have won four of five . George Sherrill pitched the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out two . Gordon hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Huff hit a three - run shot in the fifth	True
Gordon hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Huff hit a three - run shot in the fifth to give the Orioles a 5 - 2 lead . Huff hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Huff hit a three - run homer in the fifth to give the Orioles a 5 - 2 lead . The Orioles added two more runs in the seventh	True
The Orioles added two more runs in the seventh on a run - scoring single by John Buck and a run - scoring single by Kevin Millar . Melvin Mora hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Melvin Mora hit a two - run homer in the third for the Royals , who have lost five of six . The Royals had a chance to score in the first	True
Melvin Mora hit a two - run homer in the third for the Royals , who have lost five of six . The Royals had a chance to score in the first when Brian Roberts led off with a single , stole second	False
Melvin Mora hit a two - run homer in the third for the Royals , who have lost five of six . The Royals had a chance to score in the first when Brian Roberts led off with a single , stole second and went to third	False
He struck out five and walked one . Brandon Boggs hit a two - out triple in the fourth	True
Brandon Boggs hit a two - out triple in the fourth to give the Rangers a 1 - 0 lead . Milton Bradley homered in the sixth	True
Milton Bradley homered in the sixth for a 2 - 0 lead . It was Bradley 's second homer of the season and second	False
It was the second time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back home runs . Brandon Boggs had a two - out RBI triple in the fourth	True
It was the second time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back home runs . Bradley led off the sixth	True
Bradley led off the sixth with a line drive into the left - field seats . It was his fourth	False
Bradley led off the sixth with a line drive into the left - field seats . It was his fourth of the season and second	False
( AP ) -- Garret Anderson and the Los Angeles Angels are on a roll . Anderson homered and drove in five runs , Darren Oliver ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings and Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Anderson had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in five runs for the Angels , who have won four of five . Anderson had three hits , including a three - run homer off Brian Bannister ( 3 - 4 ) that put the Angels ahead 3 - 3 in the fourth	True
Anderson had three hits , including a three - run homer off Brian Bannister ( 3 - 4 ) that put the Angels ahead 3 - 3 in the fourth . Anderson hit a three - run homer in the fourth	True
Anderson had three hits , including a three - run homer off Brian Bannister ( 3 - 4 ) that put the Angels ahead 3 - 3 in the fourth . Anderson hit a three - run homer in the fourth and added an RBI single in the seventh	False
Darren Oliver ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked five and struck out three . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Alex Gordon and a run - scoring double by Ross Gload . Anderson hit a three - run homer in the fourth	True
Anderson hit a three - run homer in the fourth to give the Angels a 3 - 0 lead . Anderson hit a three - run homer in the fourth	False
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his past six starts . Shawn Camp got two outs in the eighth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his past six starts . Shawn Camp got two outs in the eighth and B. J. Ryan worked the ninth	False
He walked one and struck out a season - high nine . Matt Stairs hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Taylor Buchholz got the last four outs for his first career save , and Taylor Buchholz got the last four outs for his first save . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Chris Iannetta followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 3 - 0 . Andre Ethier hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
He walked four and struck out three . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Chris Iannetta and a run - scoring double by Omar Quintanilla . The Rockies made it 3 - 0 in the second	True
The Rockies made it 3 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring single by Holliday and a run - scoring single by Garrett Atkins . The Dodgers made it 5 - 1 in the fifth	False
The Dodgers made it 5 - 1 in the fifth on a run - scoring single by Chris Iannetta and a run - scoring single by Omar Quintanilla . The Dodgers took a 5 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
The Dodgers took a 5 - 1 lead in the fifth on a run - scoring single by Holliday and a run - scoring single by Omar Quintanilla . The Dodgers added a run in the sixth	True
He struck out four and walked none . Joe Beimel ( 3 - 0 ) got the final out in the eighth	True
Joe Beimel ( 3 - 0 ) got the final out in the eighth for the win . Takashi Saito pitched a perfect ninth	True
Takashi Saito pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in four chances . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Hanley Ramirez 's RBI double in the third gave the Marlins a 1 - 0 lead . The Marlins tied it in the fourth	True
He struck out six and walked two . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Andre Ethier 's RBI single . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Andre Ethier 's RBI single . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Chin-lung Hu hit a two - out single , stole second	False
The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 2.77 ERA in three starts against the Angels this season . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Mike Napoli 's RBI single . Mike Napoli drove in the Angels ' first run with a two - out single in the second	True
Mike Napoli drove in the Angels ' first run with a two - out single in the second . The Angels had runners on first	False
Mike Napoli drove in the Angels ' first run with a two - out single in the second . The Angels had runners on first and second	False
Mike Napoli drove in the Angels ' first run with a two - out single in the second . The Angels had runners on first and second with one out in the second	True
The Angels had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Lowe escaped the jam by getting Lowe to ground into a double play . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Juan Rivera led off with a single and scored on Mike Napoli 's two - out single . The Angels had runners on first	False
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Juan Rivera led off with a single and scored on Mike Napoli 's two - out single . The Angels had runners on first and second	False
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Juan Rivera led off with a single and scored on Mike Napoli 's two - out single . The Angels had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
The Angels had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Lowe escaped the jam by getting Lowe to ground into a 1 - 2 - 3 double play . Los Angeles loaded the bases with one out in the second	True
Jason Hammel ( 3 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up one run and one hit in 1 2/3 innings . John Van Benschoten ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect inning for the win , and Jason Bartlett hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Longoria went 4 - for - 5 with a home run and three RBIs , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 10 - 5 on Tuesday night . Longoria had four hits , including a three - run homer in the first inning and a two - run single in the fourth	True
Longoria had four hits , including a three - run homer in the first inning and a two - run single in the fourth . He also doubled and scored in the seventh	True
He also doubled and scored in the seventh . Longoria had four hits , including a three - run homer in the first inning , and a two - run single in the fourth	True
Longoria had four hits , including a three - run homer in the first inning , and a two - run single in the fourth . He also doubled and scored in the seventh	True
He also doubled and scored in the seventh . Longoria had four hits , including a three - run homer in the first	True
He also doubled and scored in the seventh . Longoria had four hits , including a three - run homer in the first , and an RBI single in the fourth	False
Longoria had four hits , including a three - run homer in the first , and an RBI single in the fourth . He also doubled and scored in the seventh	True
The Red Sox have won six of their last seven games . Johnson 's three - run homer in the eighth	True
Johnson 's three - run homer in the eighth off Craig Hansen gave the Red Sox a 5 - 0 lead . Kevin Cash added a three - run homer in the eighth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Brandon Moss and a run - scoring double by Dustin Pedroia . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Brandon Moss and a sacrifice fly by Brandon Moss . The Diamondbacks added a run in the sixth	True
The Diamondbacks added a run in the sixth on a double by Crisp and a sacrifice fly by Brandon Moss . Lowell doubled and scored on Brandon Moss ' sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Jose Reyes hit a three - run homer , John Maine pitched six solid innings and the New York Mets beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second inning and a three - run shot in the third	True
Wright hit a two - run shot in the second inning and a three - run shot in the third , his first home run since July 29 , 2009 , against the New York Mets . Reyes hit a three - run homer in the third inning and a three - run shot in the third	True
He walked five and struck out three . Wright hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Reyes added a three - run shot in the third	True
Wright hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Reyes added a three - run shot in the third to give the Mets a 4 - 0 lead . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second	True
Wright hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Reyes added a three - run shot in the third to give the Mets a 4 - 0 lead . Wright hit a two - run shot in the second and Reyes added a three - run shot in the third	False
It was the first homer for Reyes , who hit a three - run shot in the first game of the series against the New York Mets . Wright hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Reyes added a three - run shot in the third	True
The White Sox have won three of their past four games and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . Eric Stults ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a four - hitter for his second career shutout and second	False
Eric Stults ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a four - hitter for his second career shutout and second this season . He pitched a four - hitter for his first career shutout and second	False
He struck out seven and walked one . Jim Edmonds hit a three - run homer in the seventh	True
Jose Valverde got the final four outs for his 19th save in 21 chances . Ramon Vazquez hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out one . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Michael Young 's RBI single . Ty Wigginton had a run - scoring single in the second inning and Humberto Quintero doubled in a run in the second	True
Ty Wigginton had a run - scoring single in the second inning and Humberto Quintero doubled in a run in the second . Houston tied it at 1 - all in the second	True
Houston tied it at 1 - all in the second when Ty Wigginton hit a two - out single and scored on a two - out double by Humberto Quintero . The Rangers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
He struck out seven and walked two . Longoria put the Astros up 3 - 2 with a two - run homer in the second	True
Longoria put the Astros up 3 - 2 with a two - run homer in the second off Scott Kazmir ( 6 - 3 ) , who gave up three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings . Longoria put the Astros up 3 - 2 with a two - run homer in the second	False
The right - hander struck out seven and walked two . Carlos Lee cut the deficit to 3 - 2 with a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Carlos Lee cut the deficit to 3 - 2 with a two - run homer in the sixth . Pence led off the fifth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . Longoria put the Astros up 3 - 2 with a two - run homer in the second	True
Longoria put the Astros up 3 - 2 with a two - run homer in the second . Pence led off the fifth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Jermaine Dye hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Dewayne Wise added a two - run shot in the fourth	True
He walked two and struck out one . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Jim Edmonds ' second two - run homer of the game and a two - run shot by Dewayne Wise . The White Sox took a 6 - 4 lead in the fourth	True
The White Sox took a 6 - 4 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by A. J. Pierzynski and a run - scoring single by Kosuke Fukudome . The White Sox tied it at 4 in the fourth	True
The White Sox tied it at 4 in the fourth on a two - run homer by Jermaine Dye and a two - run shot by Aramis Ramirez off Boone Logan . The White Sox took a 6 - 4 lead in the fourth	True
The White Sox took a 6 - 4 lead in the fourth on a two - run homer by Jim Edmonds and a two - run shot by Dewayne Wise . The White Sox took a 6 - 4 lead in the fourth	False
The White Sox took a 6 - 4 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Eric Patterson and a run - scoring single by Kosuke Fukudome . The White Sox scored three times in the fourth	True
Boone Logan gave up a run - scoring single to Eric Patterson and a run - scoring single to Mark DeRosa . The White Sox scored three times in the fourth	True
It was the third time this season the Cubs have hit back - to - back home runs . Dye hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
The right - hander was coming off his worst start of the season , when he gave up seven runs in 4 1/3 innings of a 10 - 1 loss at San Diego . The Tigers , who have lost five of six , took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The right - hander was coming off his worst start of the season , when he gave up seven runs in 4 1/3 innings of a 10 - 1 loss at San Diego . The Tigers , who have lost five of six , took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Curtis Granderson 's leadoff homer and Chase Headley 's solo shot in the fourth	True
The Tigers , who have lost five of six , took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Curtis Granderson 's leadoff homer and Chase Headley 's solo shot in the fourth . Headley tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
Headley tied it at 1 in the fourth with his second homer of the season . It was his second	False
Headley tied it at 1 in the fourth with his second homer of the season . It was his second of the season and second	False
It was his second of the season and second in two games . Headley tied it at 1 in the fourth	False
It was the first time the Padres hit back - to - back homers this season . Headley tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
It was the first time the Padres hit back - to - back homers this season . The Tigers tied it at 1 in the bottom of the inning when Edgar Gonzalez singled , stole second	False
Prince Fielder and Russell Branyan hit three - run homers , Dave Bush pitched eight strong innings and the Brewers beat the Toronto Blue Jays 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Corey Hart hit a two - run double in the first inning , and Russell Branyan hit a three - run homer in the third	True
He struck out two and walked one . Salomon Torres got the final out in the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out five . Toronto 's Joe Inglett hit a three - run homer in the ninth	True
Toronto 's Joe Inglett hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Tim Riske , who was making his major league debut . Lyle Overbay hit a two - run homer in the ninth	False
He walked four and struck out five . Branyan hit a three - run homer in the third	True
He walked four and struck out five . Branyan hit a three - run homer in the third and Fielder added a solo shot in the fifth	True
Branyan hit a three - run homer in the third and Fielder added a solo shot in the fifth to give the Brewers a 6 - 0 lead . Fielder led off the fifth	True
Fielder led off the fifth with his 14th homer of the season , a two - run shot that made it 6 - 0 . Branyan hit a three - run homer in the third	True
Branyan hit a three - run homer in the third to make it 6 - 0 . The Blue Jays added two more runs in the eighth	True
It was the second time this season the Diamondbacks have hit back - to - back homers . Justin Upton hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Justin Upton hit a solo homer in the eighth off reliever Ramon Pena ( 1 - 1 ) to give the A 's a 1 - 0 lead . The A 's tied it in the sixth	True
Justin Upton hit a solo homer in the eighth off reliever Ramon Pena ( 1 - 1 ) to give the A 's a 1 - 0 lead . The A 's tied it in the sixth when Mark Reynolds walked , stole second	False
He walked two and struck out eight . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
He walked two and struck out eight . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Jack Cust 's RBI single , but the A 's tied it in the sixth	False
He struck out two and did n't walk a batter . Brian Fuentes pitched the ninth	True
Cleveland took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Omar Quintanilla 's RBI double and Jamey Carroll 's RBI double . Baker led off the fourth	True
Cleveland took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Omar Quintanilla 's RBI double and Jamey Carroll 's RBI double . Baker led off the fourth with his 12th homer of the season and second	False
Baker led off the fourth with his 12th homer of the season and second in two games . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Omar Quintanilla 's RBI double and Jamey Carroll 's two - out RBI double . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Omar Quintanilla 's RBI double and a run - scoring double by Omar Quintanilla . Cleveland took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Omar Quintanilla 's RBI double and a run - scoring double by Omar Quintanilla . Cleveland took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Baker led off with a single , stole second	False
Cleveland took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Baker led off with a single , stole second and scored on Quintanilla 's double to right . Baker led off the fourth	True
Cleveland took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Baker led off with a single , stole second and scored on Quintanilla 's double to right . Baker led off the fourth with a homer to right , his third	False
Baker led off the fourth with a homer to right , his third of the season and first since July 26 . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Grant Balfour ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Troy Percival gave up a run in the ninth	True
The Cubs , who have lost four of five , have lost six of seven . The Cubs , who have lost four of five , took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Cubs , who have lost four of five , took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ryan Theriot 's RBI single . The Cubs tied it at 1 in the fifth	True
The Cubs tied it at 1 on Floyd 's first homer of the season in the bottom half . The Rays tied it at 1 in the fifth	True
The Rays tied it at 1 in the fifth on a two - out solo homer by Floyd off Neal Cotts ( 0 - 1 ) . The Rays tied it at 1 in the fifth	False
The Rangers have lost five of six . Atlanta 's Marlon Byrd hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
The Rangers have lost five of six . Atlanta 's Marlon Byrd hit a solo homer in the sixth , and Omar Infante hit a solo shot in the sixth	True
The Rangers have won five of six . The Braves , who have lost four of five , took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
It was the third time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back homers . Milton Bradley had a two - run single in the third	True
It was the third time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back homers . Milton Bradley had a two - run single in the third , and Hamilton 's RBI groundout made it 6 - 0 in the fifth	True
Milton Bradley had a two - run single in the third , and Hamilton 's RBI groundout made it 6 - 0 in the fifth . The Braves scored three times in the sixth	True
McCann hit a three - run homer off Jeff Guardado to make it 7 - 5 . It was McCann 's eighth homer of the season and second	False
He struck out seven and walked five . Jeff Francoeur had a two - run double in the seventh	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the second time in his last four starts . Salomon Torres pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out nine and walked two . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brendan Harris hit a one - out double and scored on a single by Russell Branyan . The Twins tied it in the fifth	True
The Twins tied it in the bottom half when Cameron hit a two - out double and scored on Russell Branyan 's single . The Twins tied it at 1 in the fifth	True
The Twins tied it at 1 in the fifth on a two - out homer by Jason Kubel , who was activated from the 15 - day disabled list earlier in the day . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Alexi Casilla 's sacrifice fly . Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Russell Branyan 's RBI single . The Twins tied it in the fifth	True
Adam LaRoche singled in the go - ahead run in the 10th inning , and the Pittsburgh Pirates rallied to beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 4 on Wednesday night . Baltimore trailed 4 - 2 before scoring four runs in the ninth	True
Adam LaRoche followed with an RBI single off George Sherrill ( 2 - 2 ) , and Oscar Salazar walked to load the bases . Adam LaRoche followed with an RBI single to make it 5 - 4 , and Brian Roberts hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
He walked five and struck out two . The Orioles took a 3 - 0 lead in the third	True
Lohse ( 8 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in eight innings . Ryan Franklin worked a perfect ninth	True
The Cardinals have lost four of five . Burrell hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
The Phillies have homered in three straight games for the first time this season . Burrell hit a two - run shot off Adam Wainwright in the fourth	True
It was the first homer allowed by Eaton , who gave up three runs and nine hits in 6 2/3 innings . Burrell hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Jose Guillen and a run - scoring groundout by Mark Grudzielanek . Buck hit a three - run homer off Billy Buckner in the fifth	True
Buck hit a three - run homer off Billy Buckner in the fifth to make it 10 - 2 . Aviles led off the sixth	True
Aviles led off the sixth with a triple and scored on Miguel Montero 's two - out double to make it 4 - 2 . Aviles led off the fourth	True
Aviles led off the fourth with a triple and scored on Alex Gordon 's groundout . Aviles led off the sixth	True
He struck out one and walked one . The Cardinals scored three runs in the first	True
The Cardinals scored three runs in the first off Ron Villone , who was making his first start of the season . Utley hit a two - out , two - run single in the fourth	True
Utley hit a two - out , two - run single in the fourth to make it 13 - 1 . Ruiz added an RBI single in the eighth	True
The Cubs have lost six of seven . Cubs right - hander Scott Downs pitched a scoreless eighth	True
The Cubs have lost six of seven . Cubs right - hander Scott Downs pitched a scoreless eighth and B. J. Ryan worked the ninth	False
He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth	True
Joey Votto 's RBI double in the fourth gave the Reds a 3 - 1 lead . Dunn tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
Dunn tied it at 1 in the fourth with his 22nd homer of the season , a drive into the right - field seats on a 3 - 2 pitch . It was his third homer of the season and second	False
The right - hander is 2 - 0 in his last four starts . Trevor Hoffman pitched the ninth	True
He has lost three straight starts for the first time this season . San Diego 's Edgar McAnulty extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with a leadoff single in the seventh	True
San Diego 's Edgar McAnulty extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with a leadoff single in the seventh . He was replaced by pinch - runner Scott Hairston , who pinch - hit for Wolf in the seventh	True
He was replaced by pinch - runner Scott Hairston , who pinch - hit for Wolf in the seventh . Hairston pinch - hit for Wolf in the seventh	False
He was replaced by pinch - runner Scott Hairston , who pinch - hit for Wolf in the seventh . Hairston pinch - hit for Wolf in the seventh and grounded into a double play with runners on first	False
He was replaced by pinch - runner Scott Hairston , who pinch - hit for Wolf in the seventh . Hairston pinch - hit for Wolf in the seventh and grounded into a double play with runners on first and second	False
Hairston pinch - hit for Wolf in the seventh and grounded into a double play with runners on first and second . San Diego 's Edgar Gonzalez hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth	True
Greene hit his first homer of the season in the second inning , a solo shot that landed in the second deck in left field . It was his third	False
It was his third of the season and first since July 26 . Greene hit a two - out solo homer in the second	True
It was his third of the season and first since July 26 . Greene hit a two - out solo homer in the second , his 15th	False
Greene hit a two - out solo homer in the second , his 15th , to pull the Dodgers to 3 - 1 . Greene hit his first homer of the season in the fourth	True
Greene hit his first homer of the season in the fourth . It was his second	False
It was his second of the season . Greene hit a two - out homer in the second	True
It was his second of the season . Greene hit a two - out homer in the second , his 15th	False
The right - hander is 3 - 0 in his last four starts . Matt Capps pitched the ninth	True
John Lannan ( 4 - 7 ) gave up two runs and seven hits in six innings for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Doumit had three hits , including a solo homer in the fifth	True
It was the first homer allowed by Lannan in five starts this season . Doumit hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
It was the first homer allowed by Lannan in five starts this season . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jason Bay 's RBI double , but the Pirates answered in the bottom of the inning . Freddy Sanchez led off with a single , stole second	False
Freddy Sanchez led off with a single , stole second and scored on Xavier Nady 's two - out single to center . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Freddy Sanchez led off with a single , stole second and scored on Xavier Nady 's two - out single to center . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nate McLouth led off with a single , stole second	False
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nate McLouth led off with a single , stole second and scored on Elijah Dukes ' single to right . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nate McLouth led off with a single , stole second and scored on Elijah Dukes ' single to right . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Doumit 's two - out homer , his third	False
He walked three and struck out one . Martin had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh	True
Martin had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh that gave the Dodgers a 5 - 2 lead . Martin had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh	False
Martin had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh that gave the Dodgers a 5 - 2 lead . Martin had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh	False
Martin had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh that gave the Dodgers a 5 - 2 lead . Martin had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh	False
Martin had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh that gave the Dodgers a 5 - 2 lead . Martin had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh	False
Martin had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh that gave the Dodgers a 5 - 2 lead . Martin had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh	False
Martin had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh that gave the Dodgers a 5 - 2 lead . Martin had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh	False
Martin had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh . Scott Proctor ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs in the seventh	False
Renteria hit a tiebreaking grand slam in the eighth inning and the Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Renteria hit a three - run homer off Masa Kobayashi ( 3 - 3 ) in the eighth	True
Renteria hit a three - run homer off Masa Kobayashi ( 3 - 3 ) in the eighth to give the Tigers an 8 - 3 lead . It was the first grand slam of the season for Renteria , who had three hits , including a three - run homer in the eighth	True
It was the first grand slam of the season for Renteria , who had three hits , including a three - run homer in the eighth that gave the Tigers an 8 - 3 lead . Marcus Thames added a solo homer in the eighth	True
He walked two and struck out three . Todd Jones got the last out in the ninth	True
Todd Jones got the last out in the ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Ryan Garko and a sacrifice fly by Ryan Garko . Detroit added a run in the fourth	True
Detroit added a run in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Ryan Garko . The Indians tied it in the fourth	True
He struck out one and walked one . George Sherrill pitched the ninth	True
Brian Bass ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up one run and two hits in two - plus innings . Adam Jones led off the seventh	True
Adam Jones led off the seventh with a homer off Brian Albers , who was recalled from Triple-A Rochester earlier in the day . Adam Jones led off the seventh	False
Baltimore 's Mike Redmond had three hits , including an RBI double in the first inning . He had an RBI double in the first	True
Baltimore 's Mike Redmond had three hits , including an RBI double in the first inning . He had an RBI double in the first and a two - out RBI double in the fifth	True
He had an RBI double in the first and a two - out RBI double in the fifth to give the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . Markakis hit a two - run homer in the third	True
It was the first home run allowed by Baker in his last five starts . Casilla had an RBI single in the fifth	True
He walked four and struck out one . Jenkins homered off Hamels in the sixth	True
Jenkins homered off Hamels in the sixth to make it 4 - 0 . Jenkins added a solo shot in the sixth	True
Jenkins added a solo shot in the sixth for a 4 - 0 lead . Shane Victorino had an RBI single in the fifth	False
Shane Victorino had an RBI single in the fifth to make it 3 - 0 . Jenkins homered in the sixth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last four starts . Matt Capps struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Astros took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Adam LaRoche 's RBI single in the bottom of the inning tied the game at 1 . The Pirates took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Pirates took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth when Jack Wilson led off with a double and scored on Xavier Nady 's single to center . Pittsburgh scored three times in the fourth	True
Pittsburgh scored three times in the fourth to take a 4 - 1 lead . Jack Wilson led off with a single , stole second	False
Jack Wilson led off with a single , stole second and scored on Carlos Lee 's two - out single . The Pirates added two runs in the sixth	True
The Pirates added two runs in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Nate McLouth and a sacrifice fly by Chavez . The Astros added a run in the eighth	False
Murphy had a career - high four hits , including a homer , and drove in two runs , leading the Texas Rangers to a 12 - 7 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Murphy went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and two doubles , including a run - scoring single in the first inning and a solo homer in the sixth	True
Tom Padilla ( 5 - 5 ) gave up five runs and six hits in 1 1/3 innings for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Josh Hamilton hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He walked three and struck out two . The Indians scored two runs in the first	True
He walked three and struck out two . The Indians scored two runs in the first and two in the third	False
The Indians scored two runs in the first and two in the third . Murphy had a run - scoring single in the third	True
The Indians scored two runs in the first and two in the third . Murphy had a run - scoring single in the third and a solo homer in the sixth	True
Murphy had a run - scoring single in the third and a solo homer in the sixth . Bradley hit a solo homer in the eighth	False
Murphy had a run - scoring single in the third and a solo homer in the sixth . Bradley hit a solo homer in the eighth and a solo shot in the ninth	False
Prince Fielder also homered for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Fielder had three hits , including a solo homer off Doug Slaten ( 0 - 2 ) in the eighth	True
Fielder had three hits , including a solo homer off Doug Slaten ( 0 - 2 ) in the eighth that put Milwaukee ahead 4 - 3 . Fielder also had three hits , including a solo homer in the eighth	True
Guillermo Mota ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Salomon Torres pitched the ninth	True
Salomon Torres pitched the ninth for his sixth save in seven chances . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out six and walked two . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Milwaukee tied it in the bottom half on Reynolds ' two - out RBI single . Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on Lyle Overbay 's two - out , bases - loaded walk . Barajas homered in the third	True
He struck out six and walked three . Santana hit a two - run homer in the third	True
He struck out six and walked three . Santana hit a two - run homer in the third , and Ryan Church added a two - run shot in the third	True
The White Sox have won five of six and are a half - game behind first - place Detroit in the AL Central . Thome hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the fifth	True
It was the third time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back homers . Morneau hit a three - run shot off Matt Thornton ( 4 - 3 ) in the fifth	True
Morneau hit a three - run shot off Matt Thornton ( 4 - 3 ) in the fifth to give the Twins a 7 - 4 lead . Dye 's two - run shot off Octavio Dotel in the eighth gave the Twins a 7 - 4 lead , and Joe Mauer had an RBI single in the eighth	False
The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox scored four runs in the fifth	True
The White Sox scored four runs in the fifth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Orlando Cabrera led off with a single , moved to third	False
The Rockies scored four runs in the second inning to take a 7 - 0 lead . Cantu hit a two - out homer in the first	True
The Rockies scored four runs in the second inning to take a 7 - 0 lead . Cantu hit a two - out homer in the first and Ramirez hit a solo shot in the fifth	True
He walked three and struck out eight . Eric Hinske homered for the second straight game , a solo shot in the third	True
The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 4.93 ERA in his last six starts . Byrd 's two - run homer in the sixth	True
Byrd 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Indians a 5 - 0 lead . Kelly Shoppach led off the sixth	True
The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 2.37 ERA in four starts against the Dodgers this season . Brian Wilson pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 7.16 ERA in his last five starts . The Giants scored four runs in the fourth	True
Jose Castillo had an RBI single and Fred Lewis drove in a run with a single . The Giants scored four times in the fifth	True
Angel Berroa had an RBI single and Andre Ethier had an RBI single before Andruw Jones ' run - scoring single made it 7 - 0 . Jose Castillo had an RBI single in the fourth	True
Angel Berroa had an RBI single and Andre Ethier had an RBI single before Andruw Jones ' run - scoring single made it 7 - 0 . Jose Castillo had an RBI single in the fourth , and Randy Winn added an RBI single in the fifth	False
Jose Castillo had an RBI single in the fourth , and Randy Winn added an RBI single in the fifth to make it 7 - 0 . Angel Berroa had an RBI single in the fifth	False
Jose Castillo had an RBI single in the fourth , and Randy Winn added an RBI single in the fifth to make it 7 - 0 . Angel Berroa had an RBI single in the fifth and pinch - hitter Mark Sweeney had a two - run double in the fifth	False
Angel Berroa had an RBI single in the fifth and pinch - hitter Mark Sweeney had a two - run double in the fifth that made it 7 - 1 . The Giants scored three times in the fifth	True
The Giants scored three times in the fifth to take a 7 - 0 lead . Andruw Jones hit a two - out RBI single , and pinch - hitter Mark Sweeney hit a two - run double in the fifth	True
Andruw Jones hit a two - out RBI single , and pinch - hitter Mark Sweeney hit a two - run double in the fifth to make it 7 - 2 . The Dodgers scored three times in the fifth	True
Casey Blake led off with a double and scored on a single by Mark Winn , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . The Dodgers took a 7 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Dodgers took a 7 - 0 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Jose Castillo and a run - scoring single by Angel Berroa . The Dodgers scored three times in the fifth	True
The Dodgers scored three times in the fifth to take a 7 - 0 lead . Rich Aurilia led off with a single , stole second	False
The Dodgers scored three times in the fifth to take a 7 - 0 lead . Rich Aurilia led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
Jose Castillo followed with an RBI single , and Angel Lewis drove in a run with a single to center to make it 7 - 0 . The Dodgers scored three times in the fifth	True
He walked three and struck out four . Atkins had a two - run homer in the fourth inning and a two - run shot off Todd Coffey in the fourth	True
ST. LOUIS -- Rickie Weeks ' three - run homer in the fifth inning gave the Milwaukee Brewers a three - run cushion , and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth to put Milwaukee ahead 3 - 2 . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth for a 3 - 2 lead . Bill Hall , who had three hits , led off the 10th	True
Bill Hall , who had three hits , led off the 10th with a homer off Ryan Franklin ( 3 - 3 ) . Rickie Weeks had three hits , including a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Rickie Weeks had three hits , including a three - run homer in the fifth that put Milwaukee ahead 3 - 2 . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth for a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth	False
Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth for a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth	False
Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth for a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth	False
Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth for a 3 - 2 lead . It was the first homer for Weeks , who hit a three - run shot off Pineiro in the fifth	True
It was the first homer for Weeks , who hit a three - run shot off Pineiro in the fifth to give the Cardinals a 2 - 0 lead . Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth to give the Brewers a 2 - 0 lead . Weeks hit a three - run homer off Pineiro in the fifth	True
Weeks hit a three - run homer off Pineiro in the fifth to make it 3 - 2 . It was Weeks ' 13th homer of the season and second	False
It was Weeks ' 13th homer of the season and second in two games . The Brewers added a run in the ninth	True
Padilla ( 11 - 5 ) allowed three hits , walked two and struck out none in seven innings . C. J. Wilson worked the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Taylor Teagarden hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Taylor Teagarden hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Teagarden hit a solo homer in the sixth	False
It was Teagarden 's first home run since July 29 , 2011 , against the Chicago White Sox . Teagarden hit his first homer of the season in the sixth	True
It was Teagarden 's first homer since May 29 . Teagarden hit his first homer of the season in the sixth	True
It was Teagarden 's first homer since July 21 , a span of 51 at - bats . Teagarden hit his first homer of the season in the sixth	True
Bay hit a pair of two - run homers , Troy Glaus added a solo shot and the Pirates beat the St. Louis Cardinals 12 - 11 on Tuesday night . Bay hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning off Chris Perez ( 2 - 1 ) , and Troy Glaus added a solo shot in the 10th	True
Bay hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning off Chris Perez ( 2 - 1 ) , and Troy Glaus added a solo shot in the 10th for the Pirates . Denny Bautista ( 3 - 2 ) pitched one inning for the win , and Ryan Franklin gave up a two - run homer to Nate McLouth in the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out two . The Pirates scored twice in the third	True
Albert Pujols had a sacrifice fly and Yadier Molina followed with a run - scoring single to give the Cardinals a 3 - 2 lead . The Pirates added three runs in the fourth	True
The Pirates added three runs in the fourth , including a two - run double by Rick Ankiel and a run - scoring single by Adam Kennedy . Ludwick 's two - run homer in the fourth gave the Pirates a 5 - 2 lead , and Glaus added an RBI single in the sixth	True
He struck out a season - high six and walked three . Jorge Cantu led off the game with a homer , and Jeremy Hermida hit a two - run shot in the first	True
Hermida , who hit a three - run homer in the Dodgers ' 3 - 2 win over the Dodgers on Friday night , hit a two - run homer in the first inning to give the Marlins a 2 - 0 lead . It was Hermida 's fourth	False
Hermida , who hit a three - run homer in the Dodgers ' 3 - 2 win over the Dodgers on Friday night , hit a two - run homer in the first inning to give the Marlins a 2 - 0 lead . It was Hermida 's fourth of the season and second	False
It was Hermida 's fourth of the season and second in two games . The Dodgers scored three times in the ninth	True
He struck out two and walked two . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked four and struck out five . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI double by Nick Punto . The Twins tied it in the fourth	True
The Twins tied it in the fourth on Carlos Guillen 's RBI single . The Twins tied it in the fourth	False
The Twins tied it in the fourth on Carlos Guillen 's RBI single . The Twins tied it in the fourth when Alexi Casilla doubled , stole third	False
The Twins tied it in the fourth when Alexi Casilla doubled , stole third and scored on a sacrifice fly by Delmon Young . The Tigers tied it in the sixth	True
The Tigers tied it in the sixth when Matt Joyce doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Placido Polanco . The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth on Punto 's sacrifice fly . The Twins tied it in the seventh	False
The Twins tied it in the seventh on Placido Polanco 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Punto 's sacrifice fly . Detroit tied it in the fourth	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Punto 's sacrifice fly . Detroit tied it in the fourth when Jason Kubel walked , stole second	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Punto 's sacrifice fly . Detroit tied it in the fourth when Jason Kubel walked , stole second , moved to third	False
Detroit tied it in the fourth when Jason Kubel walked , stole second , moved to third on a groundout and scored on a sacrifice fly by Delmon Young . The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the fifth to give the Tigers a 6 - 2 lead . Marcus Thames hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
He struck out one and did n't walk a batter . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third	True
He struck out one and did n't walk a batter . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the fifth	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the fifth . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fifth	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the fifth . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fifth , and Thames added a two - run shot off Brian Slocum in the fifth	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fifth , and Thames added a two - run shot off Brian Slocum in the fifth to make it 6 - 2 . Thames added a two - run shot off Brian Slocum in the fifth	False
Thames added a two - run shot off Brian Slocum in the fifth to make it 6 - 2 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Tigers a 6 - 2 lead . Thames added a two - run shot in the fifth	True
He struck out one and did n't walk a batter . Jhonny Peralta hit a two - out , two - run homer in the first	True
Jhonny Peralta hit a two - out , two - run homer in the first for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Fernando Tatis hit a two - run homer with two outs in the bottom of the 12th inning to lift the Mets to a 4 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Fernando Tatis hit a two - run homer off Chad Durbin ( 2 - 2 ) in the 12th	True
Fernando Tatis hit a two - run homer off Chad Durbin ( 2 - 2 ) in the 12th to give the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . Fernando Maine ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 12th	True
Fernando Maine ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 12th for the win . Jayson Werth hit a tying two - run homer in the ninth	True
Carlos Beltran homered and drove in two runs for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Carlos Delgado singled with two outs in the 12th	True
It was Tatis ' eighth homer of the season . Carlos Delgado singled with two outs in the ninth	True
It was the first time this season the Mets have hit back - to - back homers . Carlos Beltran had a two - out RBI single in the ninth	True
The Pirates have lost four of five . Hardy had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Gorzelanny in five starts this season . Hardy 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Brewers a 5 - 1 lead , and Hall added a run - scoring double in the sixth	True
He walked one and struck out six . Pena hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Pena hit a three - run homer in the fifth off Brian Bannister ( 7 - 8 ) , who gave up seven runs and eight hits in five innings . Pena hit a three - run homer off Brian Bannister ( 7 - 8 ) in the fifth	True
Pena hit a three - run homer in the fifth off Brian Bannister ( 7 - 8 ) , who gave up seven runs and eight hits in five innings . Pena hit a three - run homer off Brian Bannister ( 7 - 8 ) in the fifth and added a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Pena hit a three - run homer off Brian Bannister ( 7 - 8 ) in the fifth and added a sacrifice fly in the eighth . Crawford had three hits , including a two - run single during a five - run eighth	True
Crawford had three hits , including a two - run single during a five - run eighth that gave the Rays a 7 - 0 lead . Pena hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Pena hit a three - run homer in the fifth to make it 7 - 1 . Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Pena hit a three - run homer in the fifth to make it 7 - 1 . Pena hit a sacrifice fly in the eighth , and Crawford added a two - run single off Robinson Tejeda in the eighth	False
He walked two and struck out four . Jonathan Papelbon gave up a run - scoring double to Derek Jeter in the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out two . Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the first	True
He walked three and struck out two . Lowell hit a sacrifice fly in the first , and Kevin Youkilis had a two - run triple in the third	True
The right - hander has won his last three starts against the Yankees and improved to 4 - 0 in his last six starts . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Rodriguez and a two - run double by Jacoby Ellsbury . Lowell 's sacrifice fly made it 3 - 0 in the third	True
The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Rodriguez and a two - run double by Jacoby Ellsbury . Lowell 's sacrifice fly made it 3 - 0 in the third , and Kevin Youkilis hit a two - run triple in the third	True
Lowell 's sacrifice fly made it 3 - 0 in the third , and Kevin Youkilis hit a two - run triple in the third for a 3 - 0 lead . Lowell 's sacrifice fly made it 3 - 1 in the third	False
BALTIMORE -- Joel Peralta pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win , and the Kansas City Royals rallied to beat the Baltimore Orioles 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Joel Peralta ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win , and Joakim Soria worked a perfect ninth	True
Baltimore took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth inning on a two - run homer by Aubrey Huff and a run - scoring single by Alex Gordon . The Orioles closed to 7 - 7 in the sixth	True
The Orioles closed to 7 - 7 in the sixth on a run - scoring single by Brandon Fahey and a run - scoring single by Mark Teahen . The Orioles closed to 7 - 7 in the sixth	False
The Orioles closed to 7 - 7 in the sixth on a run - scoring single by Ross Gload and a run - scoring single by Mark Teahen . The Orioles closed to 7 - 7 in the sixth	False
The Orioles closed to 7 - 7 in the sixth on a run - scoring single by Alex Gordon and a run - scoring single by David DeJesus . The Orioles closed to 7 - 7 in the sixth	False
The right - hander gave up three runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . Huff hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Huff hit a two - run homer in the fifth to make it 7 - 3 . The Royals tied it in the sixth	False
CLEVELAND -- Adrian Beltre hit two home runs and drove in three runs , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Beltre hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning and a two - run shot in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Indians scored twice in the fifth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Beltre , who has homered in three of his last four games . The Indians scored three runs in the fifth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Beltre , who has homered in three straight games for the first time in his career . Choo tied it at 1 with a solo shot in the second	True
He walked three and struck out three . Greg Norton hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
He walked three and struck out three . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Lastings Milledge 's two - run single . The Nationals added a run in the second	True
The right - hander struck out two and walked three . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on Dunn 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by James Loney . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Hunter had three hits and scored twice for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Mike Napoli drew a bases - loaded walk from Jamey Wright ( 6 - 6 ) in the eighth	True
He struck out three and walked one . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth	True
The Angels , who have won four of five , took a 5 - 0 lead in the first inning on a three - run homer by Milton Bradley and a run - scoring double by Michael Young . Chris Davis hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Chris Davis hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Texas took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	True
Texas took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out , three - run homer by Chris Davis and a three - run shot by Teixeira , who was hit by a pitch in the first inning of his previous at - bat . Teixeira hit a two - out solo homer in the third	True
Texas took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out , three - run homer by Chris Davis and a three - run shot by Teixeira , who was hit by a pitch in the first inning of his previous at - bat . Teixeira hit a two - out solo homer in the third , his third	False
Teixeira hit a two - out solo homer in the third , his third of the season and first since July 26 . The Angels added a run in the sixth	False
Teixeira hit a two - out solo homer in the third , his third of the season and first since July 26 . The Angels added a run in the sixth when Garret Anderson reached on an infield single , stole second	False
Teixeira hit a two - out solo homer in the third , his third of the season and first since July 26 . The Angels added a run in the sixth when Garret Anderson reached on an infield single , stole second and went to third	False
The Angels added a run in the sixth when Garret Anderson reached on an infield single , stole second and went to third on a throwing error by catcher Jarrod Saltalamacchia . Garret Anderson followed with a two - out single to right , but Cruz fielded the ball and threw to second	False
Hunter scored on a wild pitch to make it 3 - 2 . The Angels added a run in the eighth	True
Hamels allowed one run and five hits in seven innings , striking out six and walking none . Ryan Madson surrendered three runs in the eighth	True
Ryan Madson surrendered three runs in the eighth , including pinch - hitter Mike Fontenot 's pinch - hit homer . Bob Howry ( 6 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Ryan Madson surrendered three runs in the eighth , including pinch - hitter Mike Fontenot 's pinch - hit homer . Bob Howry ( 6 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth , and Kerry Wood pitched the ninth	False
He struck out seven and walked four . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Chase Utley 's two - out RBI single . The Phillies tied it in the fifth	True
The Phillies tied it in the fifth when Carlos Ruiz hit a run - scoring single and scored on Jimmy Rollins ' sacrifice fly . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies tied it in the bottom half on Mark DeRosa 's RBI triple and Mark DeRosa 's run - scoring triple . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Mark DeRosa 's RBI triple and a run - scoring single by Mark DeRosa . Philadelphia took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Uggla led off the game with a double and scored on Ramirez 's two - out single to center . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Ramirez 's two - out , two - run single . Wes Helms ' RBI single made it 1 - 0 in the third	True
Wes Helms ' RBI single made it 1 - 0 in the third . Uggla led off the fifth	True
Uggla led off the fifth with a double and scored on Ramirez 's two - out single to center . The Braves cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the fifth	True
Ramirez 's two - run single in the fifth gave the Marlins a 3 - 0 lead . Uggla led off the ninth	True
Uggla led off the ninth with a homer to right off Blaine Boyer , his 19th of the season , to make it 4 - 1 . Blaine Boyer gave up a solo homer to Uggla in the ninth	True
Blaine Boyer gave up a solo homer to Uggla in the ninth , but the Braves could n't hold the lead . The Braves had runners on first	False
Blaine Boyer gave up a solo homer to Uggla in the ninth , but the Braves could n't hold the lead . The Braves had runners on first and second	False
Blaine Boyer gave up a solo homer to Uggla in the ninth , but the Braves could n't hold the lead . The Braves had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth	True
Jeff Francoeur hit a run - scoring single and Gregor Blanco had a bases - loaded fielder 's choice , and the Braves held on for a 10 - 9 victory over the Florida Marlins on Tuesday night . Jeff Ohman ( 4 - 0 ) pitched the ninth	True
Kevin Gregg ( 6 - 7 ) gave up five hits , four runs and a walk in one inning . The Braves scored four runs in the bottom of the ninth	True
The Braves scored four runs in the bottom of the ninth off Kevin Gregg ( 6 - 7 ) . Martin Prado led off with a double , moved to third	False
Gregor Blanco followed with a fielder 's choice grounder , and Jeff Francoeur scored on a wild pitch to make it 9 - 8 . Gregor Blanco followed with a grounder to third	False
Gregor Blanco followed with a fielder 's choice grounder , and Jeff Francoeur scored on a wild pitch to make it 9 - 8 . Gregor Blanco followed with a grounder to third , but Prado made a strong throw to first	False
Jurrjens allowed six runs , six hits and two walks in three - plus innings . The Braves took a 6 - 3 lead in the third	True
Javier Vazquez ( 10 - 11 ) gave up four runs and five hits in seven innings for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Dye hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and a solo shot in the sixth	True
Dye hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and a solo shot in the sixth to give the Rays a 5 - 3 lead . Dye hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Dye hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and a solo shot in the sixth to give the Rays a 5 - 3 lead . Dye hit a solo homer in the fourth and a solo shot in the sixth	True
He struck out seven , walked two and hit a batter . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Juan Uribe and a two - run single by Carlos Pena . Dye hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Juan Uribe and a two - run single by Carlos Pena . Dye hit a solo homer in the sixth and a solo shot in the sixth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Dye , who has homered in three straight games for the first time this season . Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Juan Uribe and B. J. Upton 's RBI single . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth	False
Alexei Ramirez led off with a double and scored on Juan Uribe 's sacrifice fly . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
Bartlett led off with a double and scored on Pena 's single to center . The White Sox added a run in the eighth	True
The Royals have lost six of seven . Cabrera hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Delmon Young hit a two - run homer and Adam Everett had an RBI grounder for the Twins , who have won four of five . Span hit a three - run homer in the sixth	True
He walked three and struck out two . Youkilis had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Youkilis had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth that gave the Red Sox a 5 - 2 lead . Youkilis added an RBI single in the eighth	True
Youkilis added an RBI single in the eighth . Varitek hit a solo homer in the second inning and a run - scoring double in the fifth	True
Varitek hit a solo homer in the second inning and a run - scoring double in the fifth to make it 6 - 2 . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out two and walked two . Jensen Lewis pitched the ninth	True
Justin Speier ( 1 - 6 ) took the loss , giving up one run and three hits in 1 1/3 innings . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Ryan Garko 's RBI single in the third gave the Angels a 3 - 2 lead . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Grady Sizemore and a two - run single by Ryan Garko . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Gutierrez and a two - run single by Ryan Garko . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Indians tied it in the bottom half on an RBI single by Ryan Garko and a two - run single by Gutierrez . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out seven and walked four . Joakim Soria pitched the ninth	True
Rivera ( 4 - 1 ) worked 1 2/3 innings for the win , and Leo Nunez ( 4 - 1 ) worked 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Rivera ( 4 - 5 ) gave up two hits and a run in the seventh	True
Rivera ( 4 - 5 ) gave up two hits and a run in the seventh . The right - hander struck out the side in the ninth	False
The right - hander struck out the side in the ninth . The Yankees had runners on first	False
The right - hander struck out the side in the ninth . The Yankees had runners on first and second	False
The right - hander struck out the side in the ninth . The Yankees had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Matt Holliday 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Ryan Zimmerman . The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth	True
The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth on Ronnie Belliard 's RBI single and Aaron Boone 's run - scoring groundout . The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth	False
Aaron Boone followed with a run - scoring groundout to make it 4 - 3 . Colorado took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth	True
Colorado took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth on a run - scoring single by Aaron Boone and a run - scoring single by Ryan Zimmerman . The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth	False
The Twins have won six of their last seven games and have been shut out in three of their last four games . Adam Morneau hit a two - out RBI single in the eighth	True
Adam Morneau hit a two - out RBI single in the eighth off Sidney Ponson ( 7 - 3 ) , who gave up four runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . Adam Everett hit a two - out , two - run homer in the second	True
Adam Everett hit a two - out , two - run homer in the second off Sidney Ponson ( 7 - 3 ) , who gave up four runs and seven hits in 7 2/3 innings . Adam Morneau added an RBI single in the eighth	True
He walked two and struck out two . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ronny Cedeno 's two - out , two - run double off Carpenter , who was making his first start of the season . The Cubs added two more runs in the sixth	True
The Cubs added two more runs in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Joe Mather and a run - scoring double by Albert Pujols . The Cardinals added two more in the seventh	True
The Cardinals added two more in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Adam Kennedy and an RBI double by Mark DeRosa . The Cardinals added a run in the seventh	True
The Cardinals added a run in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Adam Kennedy and a sacrifice fly by Joe Mather . The Cardinals had runners on first	False
The Cardinals added a run in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Adam Kennedy and a sacrifice fly by Joe Mather . The Cardinals had runners on first and second	False
The Cardinals added a run in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Adam Kennedy and a sacrifice fly by Joe Mather . The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Jaime Garcia got Kosuke Fukudome to ground into a double play . Jaime Garcia pitched a perfect eighth	True
The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Jaime Garcia got Kosuke Fukudome to ground into a double play . Jaime Garcia pitched a perfect eighth and Carlos Marmol worked a perfect eighth	False
Steve Beam ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win , and Craig Hansen got the final three outs for his third save . Ryan Doumit singled with one out in the 12th	True
Steve Beam ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win , and Craig Hansen got the final three outs for his third save . Ryan Doumit singled with one out in the 12th off Les Walrond ( 0 - 1 ) , stole second	False
Freddy Sanchez followed with an RBI single off Clay Condrey to make it 1 - 0 . Steve Feliz ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third , and Carlos Quentin added a solo shot in the eighth	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third , and Carlos Quentin added a solo shot in the eighth to make it 5 - 2 . Curtis Granderson homered off Bobby Seay in the eighth	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third , and Carlos Quentin added a solo shot in the eighth to make it 5 - 2 . Curtis Granderson homered off Bobby Seay in the eighth , and Magglio Ordonez had a two - run triple in the ninth	False
The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox scored four runs in the fifth	True
He struck out eight and walked four . The White Sox scored three runs in the fifth	True
Cabrera followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 0 . The White Sox added two more in the sixth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last four starts . The Red Sox scored three runs in the fifth	True
He walked three and struck out two . Jed Lowrie had a two - run double in the fifth	True
He walked three and struck out two . Jed Lowrie had a two - run double in the fifth , and Ross Gload hit a two - run single in the sixth	False
Jed Lowrie had a two - run double in the fifth , and Ross Gload hit a two - run single in the sixth to give the Red Sox a 5 - 2 lead . Ellsbury added a three - run homer in the seventh	True
Ellsbury added a three - run homer in the seventh off Ron Mahay , who gave up three runs and four hits in one inning . The Red Sox scored three runs in the fifth	True
He walked three and struck out two . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Ellsbury 's three - run homer off Ron Mahay in the seventh gave the Red Sox an 8 - 2 lead . Ellsbury had three hits , including a three - run homer in the seventh	True
Pujols had four hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth inning that gave the Cardinals a 7 - 3 lead . Pujols had four hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth	True
Pujols had four hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth that put St. Louis ahead 7 - 3 . He also had an RBI single in the third	True
Pujols had four hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth that put St. Louis ahead 7 - 3 . He also had an RBI single in the third and a three - run homer in the fourth	False
Pujols had four hits , including a three - run homer off Derek Lowe ( 8 - 10 ) in the fourth inning that put St. Louis ahead 7 - 3 . Pujols had four hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth	True
Pujols had four hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth that put the Cardinals ahead 7 - 3 . The Dodgers scored three runs in the eighth	True
The Dodgers scored three runs in the eighth to make it 9 - 6 . Casey Blake had three hits for the Dodgers , including an RBI double off Brad Thompson in the eighth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.95 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers scored three runs in the third	True
Angel Berroa had an RBI triple and scored on a two - out single by Matt Kemp . The Dodgers tied it in the third	True
The Dodgers tied it in the third on a two - out RBI single by Yadier Molina . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Angel Berroa and a run - scoring single by Ramirez . The Cardinals tied it in the third	True
The Marlins have lost four of five . Florida 's Chase Utley hit an RBI double in the first	True
Florida 's Chase Utley hit an RBI double in the first and scored on Eric Bruntlett 's double to left - center to make it 2 - 0 . Howard led off the third	True
Howard led off the third with a homer to left - center to give the Phillies a 4 - 0 lead . It was Howard 's second homer of the season and second	False
It was Howard 's second homer of the season and second of the season . The Phillies added two more runs in the sixth	True
Harris hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning , Tim Redding pitched five solid innings and the Nationals beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 4 on Tuesday night . Flores hit a two - run homer off Matt Herges in the eighth	True
He struck out three , walked one and hit a batter . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Matt Holliday and a two - run single by Brad Hawpe . Flores hit a solo homer in the second	True
The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Matt Holliday and a two - run single by Brad Hawpe . Flores hit a solo homer in the second and Harris added a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Flores hit a solo homer in the second and Harris added a two - run shot in the eighth to make it 9 - 4 . Jason Grilli pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Flores hit a solo homer in the second and Harris added a two - run shot in the eighth to make it 9 - 4 . Jason Grilli pitched a scoreless eighth , and Jesus Colome worked a perfect eighth	True
Jason Grilli pitched a scoreless eighth , and Jesus Colome worked a perfect eighth . Luis Ayala pitched the eighth	False
Jason Grilli pitched a scoreless eighth , and Jesus Colome worked a perfect eighth . Luis Ayala pitched the eighth and Jason Grilli worked the ninth	False
Colorado scored three times in the first inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Bonifacio led off with a single , stole second	False
Hawpe followed with a two - run single to give the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead . Flores hit a solo homer in the second	True
Hawpe followed with a two - run single to give the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead . Flores hit a solo homer in the second and Harris added a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Nick Markakis hit a two - out , two - run single and Chone Figgins drew a bases - loaded walk to force in the winning run as the Angels rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Nick Markakis hit a two - out , two - run single with two outs in the ninth	True
Nick Markakis hit a two - out , two - run single with two outs in the ninth off Francisco Rodriguez ( 3 - 5 ) , and Melvin Mora had a two - out , two - run double off Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) to make it 5 - 3 . Chone Figgins drew a bases - loaded walk from Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 5 ) and Melvin Mora had a two - out , two - run double in the ninth	True
Chone Figgins drew a bases - loaded walk from Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 5 ) and Melvin Mora had a two - out , two - run double in the ninth to give the Angels a 6 - 5 victory . Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) got the final out in the ninth	False
Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles scored three runs in the ninth	True
Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Orioles scored three runs in the ninth off Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) , who gave up two runs and two hits in ( 1 - 2 ) , who gave up a two - run double to Melvin Mora in the ninth	True
The Orioles scored three runs in the ninth off Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) , who gave up two runs and two hits in ( 1 - 2 ) , who gave up a two - run double to Melvin Mora in the ninth . Melvin Mora had a two - out , two - run double in the ninth	True
Torii Hunter drew a bases - loaded walk to force in a run , and Nick Markakis followed with a two - run single to make it 6 - 5 . Sherrill ( 1 - 1 ) got the final out in the ninth	True
He walked five and struck out six . Brian Wilson pitched the ninth	True
Ivan Ochoa had two hits and drove in a run for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Aaron Rowand and a run - scoring single by John Bowker . The Braves added a run in the fourth	True
The Braves added a run in the fourth when Fred Lewis drew a leadoff walk and scored on Ivan Ochoa 's single . Winn added an RBI double in the sixth	False
Ivan Ochoa had two hits and drove in a run for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Aaron Rowand and a run - scoring single by John Bowker . The Braves added a run in the fourth	True
The Braves added a run in the fourth on Ivan Ochoa 's two - out RBI single . The Braves added a run in the sixth	True
The White Sox scored five runs in the second inning off Clayton Richard ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up a career - high nine runs and 11 hits in 4 1/3 innings . Aviles had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second	True
The White Sox scored five runs in the second inning off Clayton Richard ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up a career - high nine runs and 11 hits in 4 1/3 innings . Aviles had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second , and a run - scoring single in the fifth	True
Aviles had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second , and a run - scoring single in the fifth . Aviles had three hits , including a two - run homer in the second	True
Aviles had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second , and a run - scoring single in the fifth . Aviles had three hits , including a two - run homer in the second , and a run - scoring single in the fifth	False
Aviles had three hits , including a two - run homer in the second , and a run - scoring single in the fifth . The White Sox scored five runs in the sixth	True
The White Sox scored five runs in the sixth , including a two - run double by Miguel Olivo , and a two - run double by Billy Butler , who had three hits and drove in two runs . Aviles had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second	True
The White Sox scored five runs in the sixth , including a two - run double by Miguel Olivo , and a two - run double by Billy Butler , who had three hits and drove in two runs . Aviles had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second , and a run - scoring single in the fifth	True
Aviles had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second , and a run - scoring single in the fifth . The White Sox scored five runs in the sixth	True
The White Sox scored five runs in the inning , including Aviles ' two - run homer . The White Sox scored five runs in the sixth	True
Mike Aviles led off with a double and scored on Carlos Quentin 's groundout . Butler 's two - run homer in the third gave the Royals a 6 - 3 lead , and German added a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
Butler 's two - run homer in the third gave the Royals a 6 - 3 lead , and German added a sacrifice fly in the fourth . German German had three hits , including a two - run triple in the fifth	True
He walked none and struck out one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He walked none and struck out one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on German Gload 's sacrifice fly and Mitch Maier 's run - scoring single in the second	True
It was Butler 's third homer in four games . The White Sox scored three runs in the eighth	True
Mauer hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning and Nick Blackburn pitched seven strong innings to lead the Twins to a 4 - 1 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Joe Nathan pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Joe Nathan pitched a scoreless ninth for his 30th save in 32 chances . Joe Mauer hit a go - ahead , two - run homer off Jeremy Sowers ( 1 - 6 ) in the seventh	True
Joe Mauer hit a go - ahead , two - run homer off Jeremy Sowers ( 1 - 6 ) in the seventh to give the Twins a 3 - 1 lead . Joe Nathan pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Lou Marson had three hits and drove in three runs , Les Walrond pitched two scoreless innings and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Washington Nationals 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Lou Marson hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and Matt Stairs added a pinch - hit solo shot in the eighth	True
The Nationals have lost six of seven . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Kory Casto 's RBI double and Alberto Gonzalez 's run - scoring single . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Taguchi hit a two - run single and Eric Bruntlett had a run - scoring double . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Troy Glaus and Edwin Encarnacion also went deep for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Lopez had a two - run double in the third	True
Troy Glaus and Edwin Encarnacion also went deep for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Lopez had a two - run double in the third and a two - run double in the third	True
Lopez had a two - run double in the third and a two - run double in the third . Lopez had a two - run double in the third	False
Lopez had a two - run double in the third and a two - run double in the third . Lopez had a two - run double in the third and a two - run double in the third	False
The right - hander struck out five , walked one and hit a batter in seven innings . Brandon League pitched the eighth	True
The right - hander struck out five , walked one and hit a batter in seven innings . Brandon League pitched the eighth and Brian Burres pitched the eighth	False
Brandon League pitched the eighth and Brian Burres pitched the eighth . Jesse Carlson worked the eighth	False
Brandon League pitched the eighth and Brian Burres pitched the eighth . Jesse Carlson worked the eighth and Brandon League worked the eighth	False
Jesse Carlson worked the eighth and Brandon League worked the eighth before Randor Bierd , the fourth Toronto pitcher of the inning , got the final out of the inning . Wells hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Jesse Carlson worked the eighth and Brandon League worked the eighth before Randor Bierd , the fourth Toronto pitcher of the inning , got the final out of the inning . Wells hit a three - run homer in the fifth and a three - run drive in the fifth	True
Wells hit a three - run homer in the fifth and a three - run drive in the fifth . He hit a three - run shot in the fifth	True
Wells hit a three - run homer in the fifth and a three - run drive in the fifth . He hit a three - run shot in the fifth and a three - run drive in the fifth	False
He hit a three - run shot in the fifth and a three - run drive in the fifth . Wells hit a solo homer in the second	True
He hit a three - run shot in the fifth and a three - run drive in the fifth . Wells hit a solo homer in the second and a three - run drive in the fifth	False
Wells hit a solo homer in the second and a three - run drive in the fifth . He hit a three - run drive in the fifth	True
Wells hit a solo homer in the second and a three - run drive in the fifth . He hit a three - run drive in the fifth and a three - run drive in the fifth	False
He hit a three - run drive in the fifth and a three - run drive in the fifth . Wells hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
He hit a three - run drive in the fifth and a three - run drive in the fifth . Wells hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a three - run drive in the fifth	False
Wells hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a three - run drive in the fifth . He hit a three - run drive in the fifth	True
Wells hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a three - run drive in the fifth . He hit a three - run drive in the fifth and a three - run drive in the fifth	False
He hit a three - run drive in the fifth and a three - run drive in the fifth . It was his first multihomer game of the season and the first	False
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last five starts . The Blue Jays added three runs in the eighth	True
SEATTLE -- The Los Angeles Angels have been waiting for Vladimir Guerrero . Guerrero hit two home runs and drove in three runs , Jose Arredondo ( 10 - 2 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings and Scot Shields pitched a perfect ninth	True
Guerrero hit two home runs and drove in three runs , Jose Arredondo ( 10 - 2 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings and Scot Shields pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save as the Angels beat the Seattle Mariners 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Guerrero hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Guerrero hit a two - run homer in the ninth off J. J. Putz ( 6 - 5 ) , giving the Angels a 6 - 4 victory over the Mariners on Tuesday night . Guerrero hit a two - run homer in the ninth	False
It was the first multi - homer game of Guerrero 's career . Guerrero hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
It was the first multi - homer game of Guerrero 's career . Guerrero hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Jose Arredondo ( 10 - 2 ) , and Yuniesky Betancourt added a two - run shot in the ninth	True
Guerrero hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Jose Arredondo ( 10 - 2 ) , and Yuniesky Betancourt added a two - run shot in the ninth off J. J. Putz ( 6 - 5 ) . Scot Shields pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Mike Napoli and a run - scoring double by Gary Matthews Jr. , who was 0 - for - 2 with two walks and an RBI . Betancourt hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Hoffpauir , who had a career - high five hits , had a career - high five hits and drove in five runs . He also had a career - high five hits , including a tiebreaking , three - run homer in the seventh	True
Jose Reyes drew a leadoff walk from Kevin Hart ( 2 - 2 ) in the bottom half and scored on Carlos Beltran 's single to center . Joe Smith ( 6 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Hoffpauir , who had five hits , had a career - high five hits and five RBIs for the Mets , who have won five of six . Hoffpauir , who had a career - high five hits , had a career - high five hits , including a tiebreaking , three - run homer in the seventh	True
Hoffpauir , who had a career - high five hits , had a career - high five hits and drove in five runs . Ryan Church had three hits , including a two - run double in the third	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Casey Kotchman hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Jackson ( 1 - 3 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings , striking out four and walking four . Jensen Lewis pitched the ninth	True
Josh Beckett ( 12 - 10 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Asdrubal Cabrera drew a bases - loaded walk and Jamey Carroll followed with a run - scoring single . Shin-Soo Choo 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 in the fifth	True
Shin-Soo Choo 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 in the fifth . Youkilis had an RBI double in the seventh	True
Shin-Soo Choo 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 in the fifth . Youkilis had an RBI double in the seventh , and Ortiz homered off Javier Lopez to make it 4 - 2 in the fifth	False
Youkilis had an RBI double in the seventh , and Ortiz homered off Javier Lopez to make it 4 - 2 in the fifth . It was his fourth homer of the season and second	False
It was his fourth homer of the season and second in two days . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Travis Hafner and a run - scoring double by Youkilis . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a bases - loaded walk to Youkilis . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a bases - loaded walk to Youkilis . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a bases - loaded walk to Youkilis . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
He struck out nine and walked two . Brad Lidge pitched the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked three . Shane Victorino hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Shane Victorino hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Florida took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Chase Utley 's RBI single . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
Greg Dobbs ' two - out single in the sixth gave the Phillies a 3 - 2 lead . Victorino hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
It was his second homer in two games . Victorino hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
It was Victorino 's fourth homer in his last six games . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
It was Victorino 's fourth homer in his last six games . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Carlos Ruiz walked , stole second	False
It was Victorino 's fourth homer in his last six games . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Carlos Ruiz walked , stole second , went to third	False
The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Carlos Ruiz walked , stole second , went to third on a wild pitch and scored on a single by John Baker . Florida took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
Johjima 's two - run single in the fourth inning gave the A 's a 4 - 2 lead and chased Seattle starter Kirk Saarloos , who gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 1/3 innings . The A 's scored four runs in the fourth	True
The A 's scored four runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Johjima 's two - run single in the fourth made it 4 - 2 , and the A 's scored four times in the fourth	True
Johjima 's two - run single in the fourth made it 4 - 2 , and the A 's scored four times in the fourth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Johjima 's two - run single in the fourth made it 4 - 2 , and the A 's scored four runs in the fourth	False
Johjima 's two - run single in the fourth made it 4 - 2 , and the A 's scored four runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Johjima 's two - run single in the fourth made it 4 - 2 , and the A 's scored four runs in the fourth	False
Johjima 's two - run single in the fourth made it 4 - 2 , and the A 's scored four runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Johjima 's two - run single in the fourth made it 4 - 2 , and the A 's scored four runs in the fourth	False
Johjima 's two - run single in the fourth made it 4 - 2 , and the A 's scored four runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Johjima 's two - run single in the fourth made it 4 - 2 , and the A 's scored four runs in the fourth	False
Johjima 's two - run single in the fourth made it 4 - 2 , and the A 's scored four runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Johjima 's two - run single in the fourth made it 4 - 2 , and the A 's scored four runs in the fourth	False
Johjima 's two - run single in the fourth made it 4 - 2 , and LaHair 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the A 's a 7 - 4 lead . The A 's scored three runs in the sixth	True
Huston Street ( 7 - 5 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Brad Ziegler worked around a leadoff single in the ninth	True
Brad Ziegler worked around a leadoff single in the ninth for his 11th save . The A 's scored four runs in the fourth	True
The A 's scored four runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 2 lead . LaHair hit a two - run homer in the inning and Johjima added a two - run single in the fourth	True
Cueto ( 9 - 13 ) gave up six hits and two runs with no walks and four strikeouts in six innings . Rickie Weeks hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
Rickie Weeks hit a solo homer in the ninth off Francisco Cordero , his 32nd of the season . Cordero gave up a solo homer to Rickie Weeks in the ninth	True
He struck out three , walked one and hit a batter . The Brewers had a chance to score in the first	True
He struck out three , walked one and hit a batter . The Brewers had a chance to score in the first , but Cueto got out of a bases - loaded threat in the fourth	True
The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . Kendrys Morales hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Josh Outman ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Mike Napoli hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
The A 's scored in the first inning when Mark Teixeira singled in Gary Matthews Jr. , who had three hits . Gary Quinlan had an RBI single in the fifth	True
Upton hit a two - run homer off Kevin Correia in the second inning to give the Giants a 6 - 3 lead . Eckstein homered off Kevin Correia leading off the sixth	True
Victor Martinez hit a three - run homer with one out in the 11th inning to give the Cleveland Indians a 12 - 9 win over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Victor Martinez hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the 11th	True
Victor Martinez hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the 11th to give the Twins a 9 - 9 lead , but the Indians tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Delmon Young and a run - scoring single by Justin Morneau . The Indians , who have lost five of six , took a 9 - 8 lead in the eighth	True
The Indians have won five of six . Garko hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a sacrifice fly in the third	True
CLEVELAND -- The Kansas City Royals ' Ryan Shealy 's two - run homer in the eighth inning gave the Royals a 13 - 3 win over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night . Shealy , who had a career - high five RBIs , hit a solo homer in the second	True
CLEVELAND -- The Kansas City Royals ' Ryan Shealy 's two - run homer in the eighth inning gave the Royals a 13 - 3 win over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night . Shealy , who had a career - high five RBIs , hit a solo homer in the second and a three - run shot in the eighth	True
Shealy , who had a career - high five RBIs , hit a solo homer in the second and a three - run shot in the eighth . He also hit a solo homer in the second inning and a three - run shot in the eighth	True
He also hit a solo homer in the second inning and a three - run shot in the eighth . Shealy , who had a career - high five RBIs , hit a solo homer in the second inning and a three - run shot in the eighth	False
The 13 homers are the most by a Royals player since Hall of Famer Tris Speaker hit in 21 straight in 2004 . Shealy , who had a career - high five RBIs , hit a solo homer in the second inning and a three - run shot in the eighth	True
The Indians , who have lost six of seven , took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run double by Jose Guillen and a run - scoring single by Ryan Garko . The Indians scored three runs in the first	True
He walked one and struck out none . LaRoche 's two - run double in the second made it 5 - 0 , and McLouth added a solo homer in the fourth	True
He struck out five and walked three . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the second inning , and Elijah Dukes had a two - out , two - run double in the sixth	True
Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the second inning , and Elijah Dukes had a two - out , two - run double in the sixth to make it 4 - 2 . Matt Lindstrom pitched a hitless ninth	True
They have lost six of seven . Washington 's Josh Willingham extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with a single in the sixth	True
He was replaced by pinch - runner Jeremy Hermida , who went 0 for 3 with a strikeout . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Ramirez hit a two - run shot in the second	True
Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Ramirez hit a two - run shot in the second . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Mark Teahen homered twice and drove in two runs , Robinson Tejeda pitched five effective innings and the Royals beat the Cleveland Indians 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Teahen hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Mark Teahen homered twice and drove in two runs , Robinson Tejeda pitched five effective innings and the Royals beat the Cleveland Indians 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Teahen hit a solo homer in the fourth and a solo shot in the fifth	False
Teahen hit a solo homer in the fourth and a solo shot in the fifth . Shealy , who went 4 - for - 5 with a homer , hit a solo shot in the second	True
Teahen hit a solo homer in the fourth and a solo shot in the fifth . Shealy , who went 4 - for - 5 with a homer , hit a solo shot in the second and a two - run single in the ninth	False
The Indians have lost six of seven . Teahen hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
The Indians have lost six of seven . Teahen hit a solo homer in the fourth and a solo shot in the fifth	False
Teahen hit a solo homer in the fourth and a solo shot in the fifth . It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first	False
Shealy , who had a career - high four hits , went 4 - for - 5 with a homer and two RBIs . The Indians scored two runs in the ninth	True
The Indians scored two runs in the ninth off Masa Kobayashi to make it 6 - 2 . Garko hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Garko hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Devon Lowery to make it 8 - 4 . Olivo had three hits , including a two - run double in the sixth	True
Garko hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Devon Lowery to make it 8 - 4 . Olivo had three hits , including a two - run double in the sixth , and a run - scoring single in the ninth	True
Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Michael Marte 's RBI single . The Orioles made it 3 - 0 in the third	True
David Dellucci hit an RBI triple and scored on a two - out single by Jhonny Peralta . Cleveland made it 4 - 1 in the fifth	True
MINNEAPOLIS ( AP ) -- Detroit Tigers manager Jim Leyland was n't surprised to see Curtis Granderson hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning to lift the Tigers to a 6 - 4 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Curtis Granderson hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and Magglio Ordonez added a two - run shot in the eighth	True
He walked four and struck out five . Curtis Granderson hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
He walked four and struck out four . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Matt Guerrier ( 6 - 7 ) gave up two runs , two hits and a walk in his first appearance since being called up from Triple-A Rochester . The right - hander gave up a two - run homer to Magglio Ordonez in the eighth inning and a two - run shot to Curtis Granderson in the eighth	True
The right - hander gave up a two - run homer to Magglio Ordonez in the eighth inning and a two - run shot to Curtis Granderson in the eighth . Curtis Granderson hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Minnesota 's Carlos Gomez hit a two - run double in the sixth inning to give the Twins a 4 - 1 lead . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Ryan Zimmerman also homered and drove in two runs for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Dukes had a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth	True
Dukes had a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . He also had an RBI single in the seventh	True
He also had an RBI single in the seventh . Ryan Shell pitched a perfect 10th	True
Ryan Shell pitched a perfect 10th for his second save . Washington 's Mike Gonzalez ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and three hits in one - third	True
Washington 's Mike Gonzalez ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and three hits in one - third of an inning . Ryan Zimmerman hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Ryan Zimmerman hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Joel Hanrahan ( 6 - 3 ) to give the Braves a 5 - 3 lead . Ryan Shell pitched a perfect 10th	True
Ryan Shell pitched a perfect 10th for his second save . Atlanta 's Mike Hinckley gave up a two - run homer to Ryan Zimmerman in the ninth	True
Ryan Zimmerman added a run - scoring double and Kelly Hernandez 's two - out , two - run double off Joel Hanrahan ( 6 - 3 ) gave the Nationals a 5 - 3 lead . Hanrahan ( 6 - 3 ) allowed two runs in the ninth	True
Hanrahan ( 6 - 3 ) allowed two runs in the ninth to earn his first win since July 29 . The Nationals had a chance to tie it at 5 in the ninth	True
Hanrahan ( 6 - 3 ) allowed two runs in the ninth to earn his first win since July 29 . The Nationals had a chance to tie it at 5 in the ninth , but pinch - hitter Brent Lillibridge was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second	False
The Nationals had a chance to tie it at 5 in the ninth , but pinch - hitter Brent Lillibridge was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Zimmerman 's double to right - center . The Nationals had runners on first	False
The Nationals had a chance to tie it at 5 in the ninth , but pinch - hitter Brent Lillibridge was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Zimmerman 's double to right - center . The Nationals had runners on first and second	False
The Nationals had a chance to tie it at 5 in the ninth , but pinch - hitter Brent Lillibridge was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Zimmerman 's double to right - center . The Nationals had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	True
The Nationals had a chance to tie it at 5 in the ninth , but pinch - hitter Brent Lillibridge was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Zimmerman 's double to right - center . The Nationals had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Steven Norton was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second	False
Langerhans ' pinch - hit homer in the 10th gave the Nationals a 5 - 3 lead . It was Atlanta 's first pinch - hit homer of the season , and the first	False
It was Atlanta 's first pinch - hit homer of the season , and the first of Dukes ' two home runs this season . The Nationals had a chance to take the lead in the ninth	True
The Nationals had a chance to take the lead in the ninth . Casey Kotchman led off with a single and moved to second	False
Langerhans ' pinch - hit homer in the 10th gave the Nationals a 5 - 3 lead , but Dukes ' two - run homer in the bottom half off Joel Hanrahan ( 6 - 3 ) gave the Nationals a 5 - 3 lead . It was Dukes ' second multihomer game of the season and his second	False
Sabathia gave up five hits , walked two and struck out nine . Brian Giles had a career - high four hits for the Padres , including a tying home run off Eric Gagne in the eighth	True
Brian Giles had a career - high four hits for the Padres , including a tying home run off Eric Gagne in the eighth . Brian Shouse ( 5 - 1 ) got the last two outs of the 11th	True
He walked three and struck out none . The Padres had runners on first	False
He walked three and struck out none . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
He walked three and struck out none . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	True
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Brian Bell got Kevin Kouzmanoff to hit into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	False
Morrow ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one hit in 7 2/3 innings , struck out eight and walked three . J. J. Putz pitched a scoreless ninth	True
It was the first time he had allowed three runs in a game this season . The Yankees scored three times in the fourth	True
He struck out nine and walked one . The Yankees scored three times in the fourth	True
Kenji Johjima followed with an RBI single to give the Yankees a 1 - 0 lead . Seattle added a run in the fourth	True
Robinson Cano hit an RBI double and scored on a double by Cliff Floyd . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Hideki Matsui and a run - scoring double by Jason Giambi . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	False
Zimmerman homered twice and drove in two runs , Cristian Guzman added a three - run double in the eighth inning and the Nationals beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Ryan Madson struck out four in two perfect innings , and Joel Hanrahan gave up two runs in the ninth	True
Ryan Madson struck out four in two perfect innings , and Joel Hanrahan gave up two runs in the ninth . The Nationals trailed 5 - 4 in the seventh	True
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Howard hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and a two - run shot in the sixth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Howard , who hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning of Thursday 's 3 - 2 win over the New York Mets . The Nationals scored twice in the ninth	True
The Nationals scored twice in the ninth off Joel Hanrahan , who gave up a run - scoring double to Ronnie Belliard and a run - scoring fielder 's choice to pinch - hitter Matt Stairs . The Phillies took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth	True
Xavier Nady hit a two - run homer for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . Rodriguez hit his major league - leading 27th homer , a solo shot in the eighth	True
He walked one and struck out two . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Johnny Damon 's RBI triple and a run - scoring single by Cliff Floyd . The Rays took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Rays took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Jason Giambi and a run - scoring single by Derek Jeter . Tampa Bay went ahead 5 - 1 in the fifth	True
Tampa Bay went ahead 5 - 1 in the fifth on a run - scoring single by Cliff Floyd and a run - scoring single by Hideki Matsui . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Chris Sampson ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Francisco Cordero ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth	True
Francisco Cordero ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up three runs -- two earned -- and three hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Hunter Pence hit a two - run double off Tim Byrdak in the ninth	True
He struck out nine and walked two . Fukudome hit a three - run homer off Trever Miller in the eighth	True
Cardinals manager Tony La Russa was ejected in the second inning for arguing a called third strike . He was ejected for arguing with plate umpire Mike Everitt after he was hit by a pitch from Harden in the sixth	True
He was ejected for arguing with plate umpire Mike Everitt after he was hit by a pitch from Harden in the sixth . The Cardinals had a season - high 16 hits , including three in the first inning , and a run - scoring single by Fukudome in the fourth	True
The Cardinals had a season - high 16 hits , including three in the first inning , and a run - scoring single by Fukudome in the fourth . The Cardinals had a season - high 16 hits , including four by Fukudome , who had three hits , including a three - run homer off Trever Miller in the eighth	True
The Cardinals had a season - high 16 hits , including four by Fukudome , who had three hits , including a three - run homer off Trever Miller in the eighth . Fukudome had three hits , including a three - run homer off Trever Miller in the eighth	False
Fukudome had three hits , including a three - run homer off Trever Miller in the eighth . He had three hits , including a three - run homer off Trever Miller in the eighth	False
He had three hits , including a three - run homer off Trever Miller in the eighth . Fukudome had three hits , including a three - run homer off Trever Miller in the eighth	False
Fukudome had three hits , including a three - run homer off Trever Miller in the eighth . He had three hits , including a three - run homer off Neal Cotts in the eighth	False
He had three hits , including a three - run homer off Neal Cotts in the eighth that made it 7 - 2 . Fukudome had three hits , including a three - run homer off Trever Miller in the eighth	True
Fukudome had three hits , including a three - run homer off Trever Miller in the eighth . He had three hits , including a three - run homer off Neal Cotts in the eighth	False
He had three hits , including a three - run homer off Neal Cotts in the eighth that made it 7 - 2 . Fukudome had three hits , including a three - run homer off Trever Miller in the eighth	True
Fukudome had three hits , including a three - run homer off Trever Miller in the eighth . He had three hits , including a three - run homer in the eighth	True
Braun had four hits , including a go - ahead single in the 11th inning , and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Houston Astros 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Fielder hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Fielder hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Jose Valverde to give the Brewers an 8 - 7 lead . The Brewers trailed 4 - 1 before scoring three runs in the eighth	True
The Brewers trailed 4 - 1 before scoring three runs in the eighth . Fielder hit a two - run homer off Jose Valverde in the ninth	False
Fielder hit a two - run homer off Jose Valverde in the ninth to make it 6 - all . Fielder hit a two - run homer off Todd Coffey in the ninth	True
Fielder hit a two - run homer off Todd Coffey in the ninth to make it 6 - all . The Astros trailed 4 - 1 before scoring four times in the sixth	True
He walked four and struck out six . The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - out , two - run homer by Carlos Lee , who was recalled from Triple-A Oklahoma City earlier in the day . Bourn led off the fifth	True
Bourn led off the fifth with his first homer of the season to make it 4 - 1 . The Astros added a run in the eighth	True
Kinsler homered twice and drove in three runs , Scott Feldman won for the first time in more than a year and the Rangers beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Kinsler hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the second	True
Kinsler hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the second , giving the Rangers a 4 - 0 lead . Kinsler hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the second	False
Kinsler hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the second . Kinsler hit a two - run shot in the second	True
Kinsler hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the second . Kinsler hit a two - run shot in the second , and Wigginton connected in the sixth	True
TORONTO -- The Texas Rangers have been waiting for Michael Young and the Texas Rangers . Michael Young hit a tying home run in the ninth inning , Kevin Millar singled in the winning run in the 11th	True
Michael Young hit a tying home run in the ninth inning , Kevin Millar singled in the winning run in the 11th and the Blue Jays beat the Texas Rangers 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Michael Young hit a tying solo homer in the ninth	True
Michael Young hit a tying solo homer in the ninth off Ryan Downs , his third hit of the game . Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run drive in the fourth	True
Michael Young hit a tying solo homer in the ninth off Ryan Downs , his third hit of the game . Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run drive in the fourth , his first multihomer game of the season and the first	False
Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run drive in the fourth , his first multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot off Matt Harrison in the fourth	True
Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run drive in the fourth , his first multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot off Matt Harrison in the fourth , his second	False
Barajas hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot off Matt Harrison in the fourth , his second of the season . The Blue Jays scored three times in the sixth	True
Adam Lind had an RBI single , Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a two - run single and Alex Rios drove in a run with a two - out single . Young hit a two - out solo homer in the ninth	True
Adam Lind had an RBI single , Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a two - run single and Alex Rios drove in a run with a two - out single . Young hit a two - out solo homer in the ninth off Ryan Downs , his first	False
Derek Holland threw 2 1/3 scoreless innings in relief of Matt Harrison , who allowed three hits in 2 1/3 innings of relief . Barajas hit a two - run homer off Matt Harrison in the second	True
Derek Holland threw 2 1/3 scoreless innings in relief of Matt Harrison , who allowed three hits in 2 1/3 innings of relief . Barajas hit a two - run homer off Matt Harrison in the second , his second	False
Barajas hit a two - run homer off Matt Harrison in the second , his second of the season . The Blue Jays reclaimed the lead with a three - run fifth	True
The Blue Jays reclaimed the lead with a three - run fifth . Bautista led off with a single and Barajas hit a two - run homer to left , his second	False
Bautista led off with a single and Barajas hit a two - run homer to left , his second of the season . Young added an RBI double in the sixth	True
The right - hander , who had won his first two starts of the season , gave up three runs and seven hits in seven innings . Matt Capps pitched the ninth	True
The Pirates have lost four of five . Florida 's Cameron Maybin homered off Tyler Yates leading off the eighth	True
The Marlins have lost four of five . Florida 's John Grabow pitched the eighth	True
The Marlins have lost four of five . Florida 's John Grabow pitched the eighth and Matt Capps worked the ninth	False
Florida 's John Grabow pitched the eighth and Matt Capps worked the ninth for his fourth save . John Baker singled with one out in the first	True
Florida 's John Grabow pitched the eighth and Matt Capps worked the ninth for his fourth save . John Baker singled with one out in the first , stole second	False
John Baker singled with one out in the first , stole second and scored on Adam LaRoche 's single to center . The Pirates added a run in the third	True
The Pirates added a run in the third on Hanley Ramirez 's two - out RBI double . Sanchez hit his first homer of the season leading off the third	True
Sanchez hit his first homer of the season leading off the third . Sanchez hit his first homer of the season in the third	True
Sanchez hit his first homer of the season in the third to make it 3 - 1 . Sanchez hit his first homer of the season in the eighth	True
Sanchez hit his first homer of the season in the eighth off Tyler Yates for a 3 - 1 lead . It was his second	False
He walked four and struck out three . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth	True
Mark Teixeira hit a run - scoring fielder 's choice with the bases loaded and Mark Teixeira hit an RBI single to make it 4 - 2 . Mark Ellis added an RBI double in the eighth	True
It was his first game - ending homer of the season . Angel Guzman ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 11th	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Cardinals took a 4 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Cardinals took a 4 - 1 lead in the third on Ryan Theriot 's two - out , two - run single and Skip Schumaker 's run - scoring single . Kosuke Fukudome hit an RBI double in the third	True
The Cardinals took a 4 - 1 lead in the third on Ryan Theriot 's two - out , two - run single and Skip Schumaker 's run - scoring single . Kosuke Fukudome hit an RBI double in the third and Khalil Greene homered leading off the fourth	True
Kosuke Fukudome hit an RBI double in the third and Khalil Greene homered leading off the fourth to make it 4 - 1 . It was Greene 's first homer of the season and the first	False
It was Greene 's first homer of the season and the first of his career . The Cubs took a 3 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Cubs took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run single by Ludwick and a two - run single by Aaron Miles . The Cardinals took a 4 - 1 lead in the third	False
He walked two and struck out two . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
It was the second time this season the Mariners have hit back - to - back home runs . Chavez led off the fifth	True
It was the first time this season the Mariners have hit back - to - back home runs this season . Suzuki also had a three - run shot off Jason Bulger in the seventh	True
It was the first grand slam of his career and the first time he had been hit in the same game this season . Griffey 's homer in the fifth	True
It was the first grand slam of his career and the first time he had been hit in the same game this season . Griffey 's homer in the fifth was his fourth	False
It was the first grand slam of his career and the first time he had been hit in the same game this season . Griffey 's homer in the fifth was his fourth of the season and second	False
The right - hander , who had been 0 - 4 in his previous six starts , had n't allowed more than three earned runs in any of his previous five starts . The Mets scored twice in the fourth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Daniel Murphy and a run - scoring single by David Wright . The Mets added a run in the seventh	True
The Mets added a run in the seventh on an RBI single by Scott Hairston and a two - run homer by Adrian Gonzalez . J. J. Putz pitched the eighth	True
The Mets added a run in the seventh on an RBI single by Scott Hairston and a two - run homer by Adrian Gonzalez . J. J. Putz pitched the eighth and Sean Green gave up a leadoff homer to Delgado in the ninth	False
J. J. Putz pitched the eighth and Sean Green gave up a leadoff homer to Delgado in the ninth . Gonzalez homered off Sean Green in the ninth	False
J. J. Putz pitched the eighth and Sean Green gave up a leadoff homer to Delgado in the ninth . Gonzalez homered off Sean Green in the ninth , his third	False
Votto 's RBI double in the first gave the Reds a 1 - 0 lead . Hairston hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Hairston hit a two - run homer in the third to give the Reds a 3 - 1 lead . It was Hairston 's fourth homer of the season and second	False
It was Hairston 's fourth homer of the season and second in two games . The Reds added a run in the ninth	True
The Reds added a run in the ninth on Brandon Phillips ' RBI single . Votto 's RBI single in the ninth	False
Votto 's RBI single in the ninth off Carlos Villanueva made it 6 - 1 . Votto 's RBI single in the ninth	True
Votto 's RBI single in the ninth off Carlos Villanueva made it 4 - 1 . The Brewers had runners on first	False
Votto 's RBI single in the ninth off Carlos Villanueva made it 4 - 1 . The Brewers had runners on first and second	False
Votto 's RBI single in the ninth off Carlos Villanueva made it 4 - 1 . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
Mora hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the bottom half to give the Orioles a 5 - 0 lead . It was Mora 's first grand slam this season and the first	False
Mora hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the bottom half to give the Orioles a 5 - 0 lead . In the sixth	True
In the sixth , Adam Jones drove in a run with a fielder 's choice and Mora hit a three - run homer off Jeff Guthrie . Baltimore went up 6 - 0 in the sixth	True
The Giants scored three runs in the first inning off Zito , who gave up a run - scoring single to Brian Giles and a run - scoring single by Bengie Molina . The Giants added a run in the fourth	True
The Giants added a run in the fourth on Randy Winn 's run - scoring single and Kevin Kouzmanoff 's RBI single . Giles added an RBI single in the fourth	True
Giles added an RBI single in the fourth to make it 4 - 1 . The Giants added a run in the ninth	False
Carlos Beltran hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , Ramon Hernandez had a pair of RBI singles and the Mets beat the Cincinnati Reds 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Delgado 's homer in the first inning off Edinson Volquez made it 2 - 0 , and the Mets went ahead 5 - 4 in the fifth	True
He walked four and struck out two . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out four . The Mets took a 4 - 2 lead in the first	True
The Mets took a 4 - 2 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Votto and a two - run single by David Wright . The Mets tied it in the fifth	True
The Mets tied it in the fifth on a two - run homer by Votto and a two - run single by Ramon Hernandez . The Mets cut it to 9 - 6 in the seventh	False
PHOENIX -- The Colorado Rockies ' 9 - 2 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night was their first	False
The Diamondbacks scored four runs in the third inning to take a 4 - 1 lead . Ryan Spilborghs hit a two - run double and Stephen Drew tied it with a solo homer , his first	False
Ryan Spilborghs hit a two - run double and Stephen Drew tied it with a solo homer , his first of the season . Colorado added three more runs in the third	True
Torrealba 's solo homer in the seventh made it 6 - 1 . The Diamondbacks added two more runs in the ninth	True
The Diamondbacks added two more runs in the ninth on Stewart 's RBI single and Garrett Atkins ' sacrifice fly . Stewart had a run - scoring single in the eighth	True
The Diamondbacks added two more runs in the ninth on Stewart 's RBI single and Garrett Atkins ' sacrifice fly . Stewart had a run - scoring single in the eighth and Mark Reynolds added an RBI groundout in the ninth	False
Hill hit a three - run homer in the eighth inning and the Toronto Blue Jays rallied to beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Brandon Inge hit a solo homer off Ryan Lyon ( 0 - 1 ) with one out in the ninth	True
Edwin Jackson pitched 7 1/3 innings of two - hit ball for the Blue Jays , who have lost five of six . Ryan Seay and Shawn Camp each got one out in the eighth	True
Edwin Jackson pitched 7 1/3 innings of two - hit ball for the Blue Jays , who have lost five of six . Ryan Seay and Shawn Camp each got one out in the eighth and B. J. Ryan worked the ninth	False
Ryan Rios went 0 - for - 4 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 16 games -- longest in the majors this season . Curtis Granderson hit a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Curtis Granderson hit a sacrifice fly in the third , and Marcus Thames followed with a run - scoring double . Marcus Thames hit an RBI double in the seventh	True
Curtis Granderson hit a sacrifice fly in the third , and Marcus Thames followed with a run - scoring double . Marcus Thames hit an RBI double in the seventh , and Rolen hit a solo homer off Ryan Seay in the eighth	False
Marcus Thames hit an RBI double in the seventh , and Rolen hit a solo homer off Ryan Seay in the eighth . It was Rolen 's third homer of the season and second	False
He struck out three and walked two . Rich Aurilia hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the seventh	True
Rich Aurilia hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the seventh off Merkin Valdez ( 2 - 0 ) . Brian Wilson pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked two . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Ryan Ludwick 's sacrifice fly in the third tied the game at 1 . The Cardinals tied it in the third	True
Ryan Ludwick 's sacrifice fly in the third gave the Cardinals a 3 - 1 lead . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Ryan Ludwick 's sacrifice fly in the third gave the Cardinals a 1 - 0 lead . The Cardinals tied it in the third	True
He struck out 11 and walked six . Santana hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He struck out 11 and walked six . Santana hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Murphy added a two - run double in the seventh	False
He struck out eight and walked two . Francisco Rodriguez gave up an RBI single to Nick Johnson in the ninth	True
Francisco Rodriguez gave up an RBI single to Nick Johnson in the ninth , but the Mets ' bullpen could n't hold it . Francisco Rodriguez gave up a run - scoring single to Nick Johnson in the ninth	True
Francisco Rodriguez gave up a run - scoring single to Nick Johnson in the ninth , and J. J. Putz finished for his second save . Santana hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Francisco Rodriguez gave up a run - scoring single to Nick Johnson in the ninth , and J. J. Putz finished for his second save . Santana hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Murphy added a two - run double in the seventh	False
He struck out three and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jose Guillen 's RBI double . Yadier Molina 's two - out RBI single made it 2 - 0 in the sixth	True
Yadier Molina 's two - out RBI single made it 2 - 0 in the sixth . The Royals tied it at 2 in the seventh	False
The Royals tied it at 2 in the seventh on pinch - hitter Mike Jacobs ' RBI single . Juan Cruz pitched the ninth	True
Juan Cruz pitched the ninth for his second save in three chances . He walked Pujols on four pitches with one out in the ninth	True
He walked Pujols on four pitches with one out in the ninth , then struck out Skip Schumaker to end it . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Rodriguez hit a tying homer with one out in the ninth inning , and the New York Yankees rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Lidge ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up three runs in the ninth	True
Alex Rodriguez hit a tying , two - run homer off Brad Lidge ( 0 - 2 ) , and Melky Cabrera followed with an RBI single to give the Yankees a 5 - 4 victory . Jose Veras ( 3 - 1 ) got one out for the win , and Ryan Madson struck out the side in the eighth	True
Jose Veras ( 3 - 1 ) got one out for the win , and Ryan Madson struck out the side in the eighth . Johnny Damon drew a one - out walk in the ninth	True
Jose Veras ( 3 - 1 ) got one out for the win , and Ryan Madson struck out the side in the eighth . Johnny Damon drew a one - out walk in the ninth off Brad Lidge ( 0 - 2 ) and advanced to second	False
Melky Cabrera followed with an RBI single to give the Yankees a 5 - 4 lead . Lidge , who blew a save for the fourth time in five chances , gave up a tying homer to Alex Rodriguez in the ninth	True
Lidge , who blew a save for the fourth time in five chances , gave up a tying homer to Alex Rodriguez in the ninth . Rodriguez hit a tying , two - run homer in the ninth	True
Rodriguez hit a tying , two - run homer in the ninth off Lidge , who blew a save for the third time in five chances this season . Rodriguez hit a two - run homer in the ninth	False
Rodriguez hit a tying , two - run homer in the ninth off Lidge , who blew a save for the third time in five chances this season . Rodriguez hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Brad Lidge ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up three runs and three hits in one - third	True
Rodriguez hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Brad Lidge ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up three runs and three hits in one - third of an inning . He struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out the side in the ninth to preserve a 4 - 2 lead . Johnny Damon led off the ninth	True
Melky Cabrera followed with an RBI single to give the Yankees a 5 - 4 lead . Lidge , who blew a save for the third time in five chances , gave up a tying homer to Rodriguez in the ninth	True
It was the first game - ending hit of the season for the Yankees , who have won five of six . Mayberry hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked two . Raul Ibanez hit a solo homer in the second	True
Raul Ibanez hit a solo homer in the second for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Jeter hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Raul Ibanez hit a solo homer in the second for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Jeter hit a solo homer in the sixth and Mayberry connected with a man on in the sixth	True
Arroyo ( 6 - 3 ) allowed one run and five hits in eight innings , striking out two and walking two . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth	True
HOUSTON -- Nelson Cruz hit a tiebreaking homer in the 10th inning , and the Texas Rangers beat the Houston Astros 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Nelson Cruz hit a solo homer in the 10th	True
The Rangers had lost five of six and were swept in a three - game series at Minute Maid Park for the first time this season . Andrus had four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth	True
The Rangers had lost five of six and were swept in a three - game series at Minute Maid Park for the first time this season . Andrus had four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth , and a solo shot in the ninth	True
Andrus had four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth , and a solo shot in the ninth . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . Andrus had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth	True
Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . Andrus had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth and a solo shot in the fourth	True
Andrus had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth and a solo shot in the fourth . He also doubled and scored in the seventh	True
Darren O'Day ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for the win . Frank Francisco pitched the 10th	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Michael Young . Texas added a run in the third	True
The right - hander , who has won his first two starts of the season , has not allowed more than three earned runs in any start this season . Jon Rauch pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander had been 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth	True
San Diego 's Barry Zito ( 1 - 4 ) allowed two runs and five hits in eight innings , struck out three and walked four . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Emmanuel Burriss ' RBI groundout . Nick Hundley hit a solo homer in the second	True
He walked one and struck out three . Chad Qualls worked the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked two . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
Gerardo Parra had two hits and drove in a run for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida took a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
Dan Uggla followed with an RBI single , and Justin Upton hit a sacrifice fly to make it 5 - 2 . Reynolds homered off Renyel Pinto in the seventh	True
Reynolds homered off Renyel Pinto in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 . Ramirez homered in the sixth	True
Ramirez homered in the sixth to make it 1 - 0 . It was Ramirez 's fourth	False
Ramirez homered in the sixth to make it 1 - 0 . It was Ramirez 's fourth of the season and second	False
It was Ramirez 's fourth of the season and second in the last three games . The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth . Chris Snyder led off with a single , stole second	False
ATLANTA -- The Atlanta Braves have been waiting for Stephen Drew to come off the disabled list . Stephen Drew hit a tying solo homer in the ninth inning and Yunel Escobar drove in the game - winning run with a sacrifice fly in the ninth	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Jones ' homer in the third made it 3 - 2 . The Diamondbacks tied it at 2 in the second	True
The right - hander struck out seven and walked none in his second complete game of the season . Chris Davis hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
The right - hander struck out seven and walked none in his second complete game of the season . Chris Davis hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) , who gave up three runs in the ninth	True
Chris Davis hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) , who gave up three runs in the ninth . Hank Blalock hit a tying solo homer in the ninth	False
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Mariners had a chance to score in the second	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Mariners had a chance to score in the second when Jose Lopez led off with a single and went to third	False
But Hernandez struck out Nelson Cruz and Blalock to end the threat . The Mariners had runners on first	False
But Hernandez struck out Nelson Cruz and Blalock to end the threat . The Mariners had runners on first and second	False
But Hernandez struck out Nelson Cruz and Blalock to end the threat . The Mariners had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
Bill Hall and Prince Fielder hit back - to - back home runs off Bush ( 2 - 0 ) in the fifth inning to give the Marlins a 3 - 2 lead . Bill Hall hit a two - run homer in the second inning and J. J. Hardy added a run - scoring single in the sixth	True
He walked five and struck out three . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Dan Uggla led off with a single and scored on Jorge Cantu 's double - play grounder . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the inning on Ryan Braun 's RBI groundout and Hall 's two - run homer in the second	True
Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the inning on Ryan Braun 's RBI groundout and Hall 's two - run homer in the second . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Hall . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	False
Bill Wolfe came on in relief and allowed a run - scoring single to Rod Barajas . Gardner hit a two - run homer off Scott Richmond ( 4 - 2 ) in the second	True
Bill Wolfe came on in relief and allowed a run - scoring single to Rod Barajas . Gardner hit a two - run homer off Scott Richmond ( 4 - 2 ) in the second , and Mark Teixeira added an RBI double in the fifth	True
Gardner hit a two - run homer off Scott Richmond ( 4 - 2 ) in the second , and Mark Teixeira added an RBI double in the fifth . Gardner hit a two - run homer off Bill Murphy in the eighth	False
Gardner hit a two - run homer off Scott Richmond ( 4 - 2 ) in the second , and Mark Teixeira added an RBI double in the fifth . Gardner hit a two - run homer off Bill Murphy in the eighth , and Francisco Cervelli singled in a run off Jason Frasor in the eighth	False
Gardner hit a two - run homer off Bill Murphy in the eighth , and Francisco Cervelli singled in a run off Jason Frasor in the eighth . Toronto 's Johnny Damon hit an RBI triple in the second	True
Toronto 's Johnny Damon hit an RBI triple in the second and scored on a sacrifice fly by Rod Barajas . Teixeira 's sacrifice fly made it 6 - 2 in the fourth	True
Nick Johnson hit a grand slam and drove in five runs , Edgar Renteria hit a two - run single and the Giants rallied to beat the Washington Nationals 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Johnson hit a three - run homer in the seventh inning off Joe Beimel ( 0 - 2 ) , and Pablo Sandoval hit a three - run shot in the ninth	True
Johnson 's two - out , two - run single off Bob Howry in the eighth made it 5 - all . Brandon Medders ( 2 - 1 ) got the last two outs of the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Randy Winn and a run - scoring single by Travis Ishikawa . The Nationals added a run in the fourth	True
Molina 's two - out , two - run single in the fourth gave the Giants a 5 - 1 lead . Molina added a two - out , two - run single in the fourth	True
Molina added a two - out , two - run single in the fourth to give the Giants a 5 - 1 lead . Molina added a two - out , two - run single in the seventh	True
Johnson 's two - out , two - run single off Kip Wells made it 5 - 4 . The Giants added a run in the eighth	True
Derek Holland ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win . Josh Hamilton hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and Chris Davis added a solo shot in the seventh	True
Josh Hamilton hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and Chris Davis added a solo shot in the seventh for the Rangers , who have won four of five . The Rangers ( 1 - 5 ) , who had won four of five , took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
He struck out three , walked two and hit a batter . The Mariners added a run in the seventh	True
The Mariners added a run in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Nelson Cruz , who had a sacrifice fly in the inning . Elvis Andrus had an RBI single in the seventh	False
He struck out four and walked three . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Omar Vizquel 's RBI double and Hank Getz 's two - out , two - run homer . Blalock 's solo shot in the seventh made it 6 - 1 , and Davis added a run - scoring double off D. J. Carrasco in the eighth	False
Paul Konerko hit a go - ahead sacrifice fly in the eighth inning and the White Sox beat the Texas Rangers 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Scott Linebrink ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Scott Linebrink ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Bobby Jenks pitched a perfect ninth	True
Bobby Jenks pitched a perfect ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . Carlos Quentin hit a two - out double off Kevin Millwood ( 3 - 3 ) in the sixth	True
He struck out two and walked three . The Rangers tied it in the fifth	True
He struck out two and walked three . The Rangers tied it in the fifth when Chris Getz led off with a single , stole second	False
The Rangers tied it in the fifth when Chris Getz led off with a single , stole second and scored on Elvis Andrus ' two - out single . The White Sox tied it in the fifth	True
The White Sox tied it in the fifth when Quentin doubled and scored on Ian Kinsler 's two - out single . Chicago tied it in the sixth	True
Chicago tied it in the sixth on Jermaine Dye 's RBI double . Chicago tied it in the seventh	False
Chicago tied it in the seventh on a two - out double by Jarrod Saltalamacchia . Chicago tied it at 1 in the fifth	True
Chicago tied it at 1 in the fifth when Quentin doubled and scored on Elvis Andrus ' single . The Rangers tied it in the sixth	True
The Rangers tied it in the sixth on a two - out double by Jim Thome and a run - scoring double by Nelson Cruz . Chicago tied it in the seventh	False
Chicago tied it in the seventh on Jermaine Dye 's RBI double . Chicago tied it at 1 in the fifth	True
Chicago tied it at 1 in the fifth when Quentin doubled and scored on Elvis Andrus ' two - out single . Chicago tied it at 1 in the fifth	False
Blanton ( 1 - 3 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in eight innings , striking out five and walking one . Yunel Escobar hit a two - run homer off Vazquez in the fifth	True
Yunel Escobar hit a two - run homer off Vazquez in the fifth to put the Braves ahead 4 - 1 . Yunel Escobar hit a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Yunel Escobar hit a two - run shot in the fifth to give the Braves a 4 - 1 lead . Utley tied it at 1 in the fourth	False
It was the first homer allowed by Blanton this season . Utley tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
Utley tied it at 1 in the fourth with a solo shot to right . It was his third homer of the season and second	False
It was his third homer of the season and second in two games . McCann had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth	True
McCann had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth . He had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth	False
He had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth . Ibanez hit a solo shot in the eighth	True
Ibanez hit a solo shot in the eighth off Eric O'Flaherty . Ibanez hit a solo shot in the eighth	False
Ibanez hit a solo shot in the eighth off Eric O'Flaherty . It was his second homer of the season and second	False
It was his second homer of the season and second in two days . McCann had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth	True
The Red Sox scored seven runs in the sixth inning off Cleveland starter Jeremy Sowers ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up seven runs on seven hits and three walks in five - plus innings . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Bay and a two - run single by Dustin Pedroia . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Bay followed with his first homer of the season , a drive into the left - field seats . Bay 's homer made it 13 - 2 in the sixth	True
Tejada had three hits , including a two - run double in the fifth inning , and the Nationals beat the Houston Astros 11 - 10 on Tuesday night . The Nationals scored two runs in the sixth	True
Tejada 's two - run double in the fifth gave the Nationals a 5 - 2 lead . Washington tied it in the seventh	True
Washington tied it in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Geoff Blum and a run - scoring single by Carlos Lee . The Nationals scored three runs in the sixth	True
The Nationals scored three runs in the sixth to take a 10 - 5 lead . Cristian Guzman hit a two - out , two - run homer in the eighth	True
Cristian Guzman hit a two - out , two - run homer in the eighth to make it 10 - 9 . Josh Willingham drew a bases - loaded walk off LaTroy Hawkins ( 0 - 1 ) in the 11th	True
Josh Willingham drew a bases - loaded walk off LaTroy Hawkins ( 0 - 1 ) in the 11th , and Jesus Flores drew a bases - loaded walk off Chris Sampson to force in the winning run . Joel Hanrahan ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 11th	True
Joel Hanrahan ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 11th to earn the win . Washington 's Elijah Dukes hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Cabrera had three hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and drove in four runs for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Cabrera hit a two - run homer off Nick Blackburn ( 2 - 2 ) in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the fourth	True
The right - hander , who signed a $ < unk > million , three - year deal with the Tigers in the offseason , allowed four hits , walked three and struck out three . Curtis Granderson hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
He walked three and struck out one . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the second	True
He walked three and struck out one . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the second and a two - run shot in the fourth	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the second and a two - run shot in the fourth . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . It was Cabrera 's fourth homer of the season and second	False
It was Cabrera 's fourth homer of the season and second in two days . The Tigers added a run in the second	True
The Tigers added a run in the second on an RBI double by Josh Anderson and a run - scoring double by Ramon Santiago . Minnesota added three more in the second	True
Thomas hit a two - run triple and Cabrera followed with a two - run homer to make it 8 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Young 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Rangers a 4 - 0 lead . Young hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
It was the first homer allowed by Hernandez in his last five starts , and the first time he 's allowed more than three earned runs in a game . Young hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Gutierrez 's three - run homer in the fifth gave the Rangers a 4 - 0 lead . It was Gutierrez 's fourth home run of the season and second	False
It was Gutierrez 's fourth home run of the season and second in two days . He also doubled and scored in the seventh	True
Gil Meche ( 2 - 2 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in six innings for the Royals , who have won four of five . Joakim Soria pitched the ninth	True
The Royals scored in the first inning on Justin Morneau 's two - out single and a run - scoring double by Michael Cuddyer . The Twins added a run in the fourth	True
The Twins added a run in the fourth on a double by Jason Kubel and a run - scoring single by Delmon Young . The Twins added a run in the sixth	True
The Twins added a run in the sixth on Cuddyer 's RBI single and a two - run homer by Jose Guillen , who had been mired in a 1 - for - 21 slump . Guillen added an RBI double in the eighth	False
Oakland 's Gio Gonzalez gave up two runs in the bottom of the inning , and the Mariners rallied to beat the Oakland Athletics 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . The Mariners scored two runs in the 13th	True
Seattle 's Jack Cust hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Chris Jakubauskas , who allowed four runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings . Sweeney 's sacrifice fly in the fifth tied the game at 4 , but the Mariners tied it in the seventh	True
He had been 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . Spilborghs hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
He had been 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . Spilborghs hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a two - run shot in the fifth	True
It was the first multihomer game of his career and his first since July 28 , 2010 , against the Dodgers . Spilborghs hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
It was the first multihomer game of his career and his first since July 28 , 2010 , against the Dodgers . Spilborghs hit a two - run homer in the fifth and added a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Morneau hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , and the Twins beat the Kansas City Royals 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Joe Mauer hit a solo homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the fifth	True
Joe Mauer hit a solo homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the fifth to help the Twins take a 5 - 2 lead . Justin Morneau hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Jose Guillen had three hits and drove in two runs for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Royals starter R. A. Dickey was knocked out in the fifth inning with a 5 - 2 lead , but the Royals tied it in the fifth	True
Royals starter R. A. Dickey was knocked out in the fifth inning with a 5 - 2 lead , but the Royals tied it in the fifth on a two - run single by Brendan Harris and a two - run single by Nick Punto . The Royals took a 5 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
The Royals took a 5 - 2 lead in the fourth on a two - run single by Jose Guillen and a two - run single by David DeJesus . Morneau hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
It was the first homer of the season for Morneau , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of the Royals ' 3 - 2 win over Kansas City on Tuesday night . Morneau hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs , Derek Jeter hit a two - run single in the eighth inning and the New York Yankees beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . Alex Rodriguez hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Ichiro Suzuki had two hits and scored a run for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Sean White ( 2 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and four hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth	True
Sean White ( 2 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and four hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Brian Bruney ( 3 - 0 ) pitched the eighth	True
Brian Bruney ( 3 - 0 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth	True
The Yankees have won six of seven and have won seven of their last 10 games against the Mariners . Rodriguez hit a two - run homer off Chris Jakubauskas in the seventh	True
It was the first time this season the Yankees have hit back - to - back home runs . Rodriguez hit a two - run shot off Chris Jakubauskas in the seventh	True
It was the first time this season the Yankees hit back - to - back homers . The Yankees scored three times in the eighth	True
The Yankees scored three times in the eighth off Sean White ( 2 - 1 ) , who gave up three runs and four hits in one inning . Melky Cabrera drove in three runs and Franklin Gutierrez had three hits , including an RBI single in the fifth	True
Olson ( 3 - 2 ) gave up two runs and four hits in five innings , struck out three and walked one . David Aardsma pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 5.40 ERA in his last five starts . Adrian Beltre had an RBI single and Andre Ethier a sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
Adrian Beltre had an RBI single and Andre Ethier a sacrifice fly in the fifth for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Kemp led off the fifth	True
The right - hander struck out five and walked none . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Lopez and a two - run double by Jose Lopez . The Dodgers took a 4 - 0 lead in the third	True
CHICAGO -- Alexei Ramirez and Jermaine Dye had three hits apiece , and the Chicago White Sox beat the Chicago Cubs 6 - 0 on Tuesday night . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the third inning and Jermaine Dye added a solo shot in the eighth	True
He struck out three and walked two . Ramirez hit a two - run homer off Kevin Hart in the third	True
Ramirez hit a two - run homer off Kevin Hart in the third to give Chicago a 2 - 0 lead . Ramirez added a solo shot in the eighth	True
Ramirez added a solo shot in the eighth off Kevin Hart . Chicago added a run in the sixth	False
Chicago added a run in the sixth on an RBI single by A. J. Pierzynski and an RBI single by Dewayne Wise . Ramirez added a solo homer in the eighth	True
The Cubs have lost four of five . Chicago 's Paul Konerko extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with a single in the first	True
The right - hander struck out nine and walked one in his second start since coming off the disabled list . Russell Branyan hit a solo homer off Brent Leach in the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out none . Hunter hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Tony Clark added a solo shot in the fourth	True
Hunter hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Tony Clark added a solo shot in the fourth to make it 9 - 3 . Hunter hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Hunter hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Tony Clark added a solo shot in the fourth to make it 9 - 3 . Hunter hit a two - run homer in the third to make it 8 - 3 , and the Angels tacked on three more in the eighth	True
The right - hander struck out four , walked three and hit a batter . Damon had three hits , including a three - run triple in the third	True
Damon had three hits , including a three - run triple in the third that gave the Yankees a 6 - 1 lead . Damon had three hits , including a three - run triple in the third	False
Damon had three hits , including a three - run triple in the third that gave the Yankees a 6 - 1 lead . The Yankees scored four runs in the fourth	True
The Yankees scored three runs in the bottom half to take a 6 - 1 lead . Jeter led off with a double , moved to third	False
Rodriguez 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 , and Escobar 's two - run single made it 8 - 1 . Escobar 's two - run single made it 8 - 1 in the fourth	True
He struck out four and walked one . John Bale pitched a perfect 11th	True
John Bale pitched a perfect 11th for his first save . Miguel Olivo led off the 11th	True
Miguel Olivo led off the 11th with a homer off Jeff Fulchino ( 2 - 3 ) . Brayan Pena hit a solo homer in the 11th	True
Joakim Soria ( 2 - 0 ) earned the win with a scoreless 10th inning . Jamey Wright pitched the eighth	True
Jamey Wright pitched the eighth and John Bale finished for his first career save . The Royals tied it in the top of the ninth	False
He struck out four and walked one . The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
Houston tied it in the bottom half on Erstad 's pinch - hit , two - run pinch - hit homer to right field off Tim Byrdak . Houston tied it in the ninth	True
It was the first game - ending homer of Raburn 's career . Raburn 's pinch - hit homer off Kevin Gregg ( 2 - 2 ) gave the Tigers a 5 - 4 lead in the bottom of the ninth	True
Ryan Raburn hit a two - run homer off Joel Zumaya to give the Cubs a 4 - 3 lead . Brandon Lyon ( 3 - 3 ) got the last out of the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Detroit tied it in the bottom of the inning when Hoffpauir hit a two - run homer off Joel Zumaya to make it 3 - 2 . The Cubs tied it in the sixth	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox had a chance to score in the ninth	True
The White Sox had a chance to score in the ninth when Jermaine Dye hit a two - out RBI single off Octavio Dotel . The White Sox had runners on first	False
The White Sox had a chance to score in the ninth when Jermaine Dye hit a two - out RBI single off Octavio Dotel . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
The White Sox had a chance to score in the ninth when Jermaine Dye hit a two - out RBI single off Octavio Dotel . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	True
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Octavio Dotel struck out Andre Ethier and got Konerko to fly out to center . The White Sox had runners on first	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Octavio Dotel struck out Andre Ethier and got Konerko to fly out to center . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Octavio Dotel struck out Andre Ethier and got Konerko to fly out to center . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	False
The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox had a chance to score in the eighth	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox had a chance to score in the eighth when Alexei Ramirez led off with a single and advanced to second	False
They have won six of their last seven games . The Angels , who have lost three of four , took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Angels , who have lost three of four , took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Dexter Fowler and a two - run single by Todd Helton . The Angels added three runs in the fifth	True
It was the fourth time this season the Rockies have hit back - to - back homers . Kendrys Morales hit a solo shot in the fourth	True
Jorge De La Rosa ( 3 - 7 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth	True
Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Andrew McCutchen led off with a double and scored on Sanchez 's single . Sanchez hit a two - run homer in the second	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Andrew McCutchen led off with a double and scored on Sanchez 's single . Sanchez hit a two - run homer in the second and Sanchez added a two - run shot in the second	True
He struck out seven and walked four . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Sanchez 's two - out , two - run homer . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Pirates tied it in the bottom half on Barmes ' RBI double and a run - scoring single by Brandon Moss . The Pirates took a 4 - 3 lead in the bottom of the second	True
The Pirates took a 4 - 3 lead in the bottom of the second on Sanchez 's two - run homer and a run - scoring single by Garrett Atkins . The Pirates took a 4 - 3 lead in the second	False
He struck out six and walked one . Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) pitched out of a bases - loaded , one - out jam in the top of the ninth	True
Jeff Bennett ( 2 - 4 ) took the loss , giving up one run and one hit in 3 1 - 3 innings . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Atlanta tied it in the bottom of the inning on Ortiz 's two - run homer . The Red Sox took a 3 - 2 lead in the first	True
Atlanta tied it in the bottom half on Ortiz 's two - run homer . Atlanta tied it in the bottom half on Ortiz 's two - run homer , his third	False
Atlanta tied it in the bottom half on Ortiz 's two - run homer , his third of the season . Atlanta tied it in the fourth	True
He struck out six and walked two . Albert Pujols hit a two - run homer off Brian Bannister ( 5 - 4 ) in the sixth inning , and Khalil Greene added a three - run shot in the ninth	True
Carpenter 's only mistake was a two - run homer by Albert Pujols in the sixth inning . Pujols ' homer in the sixth	True
It was the fourth time this season the Cardinals have hit back - to - back homers . Pujols hit a two - run shot in the sixth	True
He struck out four and did not walk a batter . The Royals scored three runs in the ninth	True
Yadier Molina followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 1 . John Bale came in and gave up a single to Chris Duncan and a two - run homer to Khalil Greene , his third	False
Jayson Werth had two hits and drove in two runs for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Baltimore went ahead 2 - 0 in the first	True
Baltimore went ahead 2 - 0 in the first on a two - run double by Jayson Werth . The Orioles tied it in the second	True
Aubrey Huff 's RBI double in the sixth made it 4 - 2 . Markakis added a two - out , two - run double in the ninth	False
Markakis added a two - out , two - run double in the ninth . Reimold homered off Jack Taschner in the ninth	True
Reimold homered off Jack Taschner in the ninth to make it 7 - 2 . Reimold hit a solo shot in the ninth	True
Reimold hit a solo shot in the ninth off Jack Taschner to make it 7 - 2 . Reimold added a solo shot off Jack Taschner in the ninth	True
DETROIT -- Marcus Thames hit a pair of two - run homers and drove in four runs , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Milwaukee Brewers 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Prince Fielder hit a three - run homer in the first inning and Curtis Granderson added a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Miguel Cabrera and Adam Everett also homered for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Thames hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the seventh	True
The right - hander walked one and struck out one . The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
Detroit tied it in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice fly by Dusty Ryan . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Dusty Ryan and a sacrifice fly by Craig Counsell . Detroit tied it in the bottom of the inning when Thames hit a two - run homer , his first	False
Detroit tied it in the bottom of the inning when Thames hit a two - run homer , his first of the season . Milwaukee tied it in the fourth	True
Sean West ( 2 - 1 ) allowed four runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . Matt Lindstrom pitched the ninth	True
Matt Lindstrom pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 14 chances . Ross hit a two - run homer off Casey Janssen ( 2 - 3 ) in the fourth	True
Matt Lindstrom pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 14 chances . Ross hit a two - run homer off Casey Janssen ( 2 - 3 ) in the fourth , and the Marlins chased Janssen with a four - run sixth	True
Ross hit a two - run homer off Casey Janssen ( 2 - 3 ) in the fourth , and the Marlins chased Janssen with a four - run sixth . Rios hit a two - run homer off Casey Janssen ( 2 - 3 ) , and Lyle Overbay hit a two - run shot off Jason Frasor in the sixth	True
Rios hit a two - run homer off Casey Janssen ( 2 - 3 ) , and Lyle Overbay hit a two - run shot off Jason Frasor in the sixth . Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Rios hit a two - run homer off Casey Janssen ( 2 - 3 ) , and Lyle Overbay hit a two - run shot off Jason Frasor in the sixth . Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth , his second	False
Rios hit a two - run homer off Casey Janssen ( 2 - 3 ) , and Lyle Overbay hit a two - run shot off Jason Frasor in the sixth . Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth , his second of the season , and the Marlins went ahead 6 - 2 in the sixth	True
It was the fourth time this season the Marlins have hit back - to - back home runs . Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
It was the fourth time this season the Marlins have hit back - to - back home runs . Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth , his third	False
It was the fourth time this season the Marlins have hit back - to - back home runs . Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth , his third of the season and second	False
Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth , his third of the season and second in two games . Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth	False
Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth , his third of the season and second in two games . Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth , his third	False
Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth , his third of the season and second in two games . Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth , his third of the season and second	False
Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth , his third of the season and second in two games . Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth	False
Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth , his third of the season and second in two games . Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth , his second	False
Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth , his third of the season and second in two games . Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth , his second of the season , and added a two - run shot in the sixth	True
Ross hit a two - run shot in the fourth , his second of the season , and added a two - run shot in the sixth . The homer was the first	False
The homer was the first of the season for Ross , who had been 0 - for - 8 in his previous four games . Ross hit a two - run homer off Janssen in the fourth	True
The homer was the first of the season for Ross , who had been 0 - for - 8 in his previous four games . Ross hit a two - run homer off Janssen in the fourth , his third	False
Ross hit a two - run homer off Janssen in the fourth , his third . Ross hit a two - run shot off Janssen in the fourth	True
Ross hit a two - run homer off Janssen in the fourth , his third . Ross hit a two - run shot off Janssen in the fourth , his third	False
Ross hit a two - run shot off Janssen in the fourth , his third . Ross hit a two - run shot off Janssen in the fourth	False
Ross hit a two - run shot off Janssen in the fourth , his third . Ross hit a two - run shot off Janssen in the fourth , his third	False
Ross hit a two - run shot off Janssen in the fourth , his third . Ross hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Ross hit a two - run shot off Janssen in the fourth , his third . Ross hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his third	False
Ross hit a two - run shot off Janssen in the fourth , his third . Ross hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his third , and Overbay hit a two - run shot to left in the sixth	False
Ross hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his third , and Overbay hit a two - run shot to left in the sixth . It was his fourth	False
Ross hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his third , and Overbay hit a two - run shot to left in the sixth . It was his fourth of the season and second	False
It was his fourth of the season and second in two days . Ross hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
It was his fourth of the season and second in two days . Ross hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his third	False
It was his fourth of the season and second in two days . Ross hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his third , and Overbay hit a two - run shot to left in the sixth	True
Ross hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his third , and Overbay hit a two - run shot to left in the sixth . It was his fourth	False
Ross hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his third , and Overbay hit a two - run shot to left in the sixth . It was his fourth of the season and second	False
It was his fourth of the season and second in two days . Ross hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
It was his fourth of the season and second in two days . Ross hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his third	False
It was his fourth of the season and second in two days . Ross hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his third , and Overbay hit a two - run shot to left in the sixth	True
Ross hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his third , and Overbay hit a two - run shot to left in the sixth . It was his fourth	False
Ross hit a two - run homer in the fourth , his third , and Overbay hit a two - run shot to left in the sixth . It was his fourth of the season and second	False
It was the first homer for Kemp , who hit a two - run shot in the seventh inning of the Rangers ' 5 - 4 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Kemp 's homer was the first	False
It was the first homer for Kemp , who hit a two - run shot in the seventh inning of the Rangers ' 5 - 4 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Kemp 's homer was the first of his career , a two - run shot in the seventh	True
Andruw Jones also homered for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Andruw Jones hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Cory Wade ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Jonathan Broxton pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Rangers have lost four of five . Kemp hit a two - run homer off Jason Grilli ( 0 - 2 ) in the seventh	True
It was the third time this season the Dodgers have hit back - to - back home runs . The Rangers had a chance to score in the sixth	True
The Rangers had a chance to score in the sixth when Orlando Hudson led off with a single , advanced on a wild pitch and came home on Russell Martin 's groundout . The Rangers had runners on first	False
The Rangers had a chance to score in the sixth when Orlando Hudson led off with a single , advanced on a wild pitch and came home on Russell Martin 's groundout . The Rangers had runners on first and second	False
The Rangers had a chance to score in the sixth when Orlando Hudson led off with a single , advanced on a wild pitch and came home on Russell Martin 's groundout . The Rangers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
PHILADELPHIA -- Mike Lowell 's RBI single in the 13th inning lifted the Boston Red Sox to a 5 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Jason Bay drew a one - out walk from Kyle Kendrick ( 0 - 1 ) in the 13th	True
PHILADELPHIA -- Mike Lowell 's RBI single in the 13th inning lifted the Boston Red Sox to a 5 - 2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Jason Bay drew a one - out walk from Kyle Kendrick ( 0 - 1 ) in the 13th and advanced to second	False
Nick Green followed with a sacrifice fly . Takashi Saito ( 2 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the 13th	True
Takashi Saito ( 2 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the 13th for the win . Daniel Bard struck out the side in the 13th	True
Daniel Bard struck out the side in the 13th for his first save . Ryan Howard tied it at 2 in the ninth	False
Lester struck out 11 in seven innings , allowing one run and two hits with two walks and a season - high 11 strikeouts . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Raul Ibanez led off with a double and scored on Pedro Feliz 's RBI groundout . Boston tied it in the fourth	True
Boston starter Justin Masterson allowed two hits and struck out three in 2 1/3 scoreless innings . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Utley hit a pair of solo home runs in the 11th inning and the Phillies beat the New York Mets 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Utley connected off Bobby Parnell ( 2 - 1 ) with one out in the 11th	True
Park ( 2 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Ryan Madson pitched a perfect 11th	True
He walked two and struck out one . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
He walked two and struck out one . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on David Wright 's two - out single , and Utley tied it in the fourth	False
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on David Wright 's two - out single , and Utley tied it in the fourth with his second homer of the game . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI fielder 's choice by Luis Castillo . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
He struck out nine and walked one . Adam Everett hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Brian Anderson led off with a single , stole second	False
Ryan Raburn drew a bases - loaded walk to make it 2 - 0 . The White Sox had runners on first	False
Ryan Raburn drew a bases - loaded walk to make it 2 - 0 . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
Ryan Raburn drew a bases - loaded walk to make it 2 - 0 . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Verlander struck out Jermaine Dye to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Verlander struck out Jermaine Dye to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Verlander struck out Jermaine Dye to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Verlander struck out Brandon Inge to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Verlander struck out Brandon Inge to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Verlander struck out Brandon Inge to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	False
Beckett ( 7 - 2 ) allowed one hit in six innings , striking out eight and walking two . He struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fourth	True
He struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fourth . The Red Sox had runners on first	False
He struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fourth . The Red Sox had runners on first and second	False
He struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fourth . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the second	True
The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Beckett struck out Jorge Posada and retired Jason Bay on a fly ball to end the inning . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Nick Green , a two - run shot by Ortiz and a two - run shot by David Ortiz . The Red Sox added two more in the fourth	True
He walked five and struck out one . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by David Ortiz and a two - run double by J. D. Drew . Boston added two more in the fourth	True
Boston added two more in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Green and a run - scoring single by Mike Lowell . The Red Sox had runners on first	False
Boston added two more in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Green and a run - scoring single by Mike Lowell . The Red Sox had runners on first and second	False
Boston added two more in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Green and a run - scoring single by Mike Lowell . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
Jose Arredondo ( 1 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up two runs in 1 1/3 innings . Juan Rivera had three hits , including a two - run homer in the first	True
Chone Figgins led off the game with a home run , and Adam Everett had a two - run single in the bottom of the inning to give Los Angeles a 4 - 3 lead . Brandon Inge hit a two - run single in the bottom of the first	True
Chone Figgins led off the game with a home run , and Adam Everett had a two - run single in the bottom of the inning to give Los Angeles a 4 - 3 lead . Brandon Inge hit a two - run single in the bottom of the first , and Erick Aybar had an RBI single in the sixth	True
Brandon Inge hit a two - run single in the bottom of the first , and Erick Aybar had an RBI single in the sixth to make it 4 - 4 . Thomas hit a two - out , three - run homer in the eighth	True
It was the first pinch - hit homer of Thomas ' career , and the first pinch - hit homer of his career . Thomas hit a two - out , three - run homer in the eighth	True
It was the first pinch - hit homer of Thomas ' career , and the first pinch - hit homer of his career . Thomas hit a two - out , three - run homer in the eighth	True
Thomas hit a two - out , three - run homer in the eighth to make it 9 - 5 . The Angels tied it in the eighth	False
Jones went 4 - for - 4 with a pair of homers and drove in five runs to help the Braves beat the Milwaukee Brewers 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Jones hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning and added a three - run shot in the sixth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for the Braves , who have won five of six . Braun hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for the Braves , who have won five of six . Braun hit a two - run homer in the sixth and a two - run shot in the sixth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for the Braves , who have won five of six . Braun hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for the Braves , who have won five of six . Braun hit a two - run homer in the sixth and a two - run shot in the sixth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Jones , who had a career - high five RBIs . The Braves scored three runs in the eighth	True
The Braves scored three runs in the eighth off Carlos Villanueva ( 2 - 4 ) . Eric O'Flaherty ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Eric O'Flaherty ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Mike Cameron hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Milwaukee starter Manny Parra gave up five runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He had an RBI double in the fifth	True
Milwaukee starter Manny Parra gave up five runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings . He had an RBI double in the fifth and a two - run homer in the sixth	True
He had an RBI double in the fifth and a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 7 - 5 . Yunel Escobar had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the eighth	False
Nate McLouth 's RBI double cut it to 7 - 7 in the bottom half , but Michael Gonzalez struck out pinch - hitter Garret Anderson for his eighth save in 10 chances . Braun hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Nate McLouth 's RBI double cut it to 7 - 7 in the bottom half , but Michael Gonzalez struck out pinch - hitter Garret Anderson for his eighth save in 10 chances . Braun hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a two - run shot in the sixth	False
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Braun , who hit a two - run shot off Parra in the first game of the series . It was the first multihomer game of his career and the first	False
It was the first multihomer game of his career and the first of his career . The Braves took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth	True
The Braves took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth on a two - run homer by Jones . Milwaukee tied it at 2 in the fifth	True
The call was upheld after a review of 2 minutes , 14 seconds . The Royals added a run in the eighth	True
He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Jonathan Papelbon worked a perfect ninth	True
Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the second inning when Nick Markakis hit a two - out double and scored on a single by Ellsbury . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third	True
Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the second inning when Nick Markakis hit a two - out double and scored on a single by Ellsbury . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third when Ellsbury led off with a single , stole second	False
Kendrick had a career - high five RBIs , including a two - run homer in the seventh inning , and John Lackey pitched seven strong innings to lead the Angels to a 9 - 3 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Kendrick had a two - run single in the fifth	True
Kendrick had a career - high five RBIs , including a two - run homer in the seventh inning , and John Lackey pitched seven strong innings to lead the Angels to a 9 - 3 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Kendrick had a two - run single in the fifth and added a two - run single in the fifth	True
Kendrick had a two - run single in the fifth and added a two - run single in the fifth . Kendrick hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Kendrick had a two - run single in the fifth and added a two - run single in the fifth . Kendrick hit a two - run homer in the seventh , and Kelly Shoppach added a two - run double in the ninth	False
The Indians scored two runs in the first inning to take a 2 - 0 lead . Bobby Gimenez walked , stole second	False
The Indians scored two runs in the first inning to take a 2 - 0 lead . Bobby Gimenez walked , stole second and advanced to third	False
Bobby Gimenez followed with an RBI single and Jhonny Peralta had a sacrifice fly . Kendrick hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Suzuki hit a game - ending RBI single with two outs in the ninth inning , lifting the Seattle Mariners to a 4 - 3 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Ichiro Suzuki had three hits , including a two - out single in the ninth	True
Ichiro Suzuki had three hits , including a two - out single in the ninth off Scott Downs ( 1 - 3 ) , and scored the winning run on Aaron Hill 's RBI double . David Aardsma ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Chris Shelton 's RBI double and Jack Hannahan 's run - scoring single . The Blue Jays added three runs in the sixth	True
The Blue Jays added three runs in the sixth . Scott Rolen led off with a single , stole second	False
He walked three and struck out one . The Blue Jays scored a run in the first	True
He walked three and struck out one . The Blue Jays scored a run in the first on a sacrifice fly by Jose Bautista , but the Blue Jays added three more in the sixth	True
The Indians have won five of their last six games against the Mariners . Peralta hit a three - run homer off Jason Vargas ( 3 - 4 ) in the fifth	True
The Indians have won five of their last six games against the Mariners . Peralta hit a three - run homer off Jason Vargas ( 3 - 4 ) in the fifth and Hafner added a two - run shot in the sixth	True
It was the first time the Indians had scored at least six runs in a game this season . Peralta hit a three - run homer in the sixth	True
It was the first time the Indians had scored at least six runs in a game this season . Peralta hit a three - run homer in the sixth and Hafner added a two - run shot in the sixth	True
It was the first time the Indians had scored at least 10 runs in a game this season . Peralta hit a three - run homer in the sixth	True
It was the first time the Indians had scored at least 10 runs in a game this season . Peralta hit a three - run homer in the sixth and Hafner added a two - run shot in the sixth	True
It was the first time the Indians have hit back - to - back homers this season . Cleveland 's Grady Sizemore led off the game with a home run , and Shin-Soo Choo had a run - scoring single in the fourth	True
Cleveland 's Grady Sizemore led off the game with a home run , and Shin-Soo Choo had a run - scoring single in the fourth to give the Mariners a 2 - 1 lead . The Mariners took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first	True
The Mariners took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first . Asdrubal Cabrera led off with a single , stole second	False
The Mariners took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first . Asdrubal Cabrera led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
Jamey Carroll followed with an RBI single to give the Mariners a 2 - 1 lead . The Mariners took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first	True
It was the first grand slam of the season for Peralta , who has homered in three straight games for the first time in his career . He also had a run - scoring single in the fifth	True
CHICAGO -- Rich Harden 's first	False
Joey Votto hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Cincinnati took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
Cincinnati took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Alfonso Soriano 's RBI double and Jake Fox 's run - scoring single . Kosuke Fukudome had an RBI single in the eighth	False
Cincinnati took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Alfonso Soriano 's RBI double and Jake Fox 's run - scoring single . Kosuke Fukudome had an RBI single in the eighth and Koyie Hill added an RBI triple off Arthur Rhodes in the eighth	False
Kosuke Fukudome had an RBI single in the eighth and Koyie Hill added an RBI triple off Arthur Rhodes in the eighth to make it 5 - 1 . Arthur Rhodes came in to start the eighth	True
He was replaced by Francisco Cordero , who gave up a run - scoring single to Koyie Hill and a run - scoring groundout to Brandon Phillips . The Reds had runners on first	False
He was replaced by Francisco Cordero , who gave up a run - scoring single to Koyie Hill and a run - scoring groundout to Brandon Phillips . The Reds had runners on first and second	False
He was replaced by Francisco Cordero , who gave up a run - scoring single to Koyie Hill and a run - scoring groundout to Brandon Phillips . The Reds had runners on first and second with two outs in the eighth	True
Brad Bergesen ( 6 - 5 ) gave up three runs and nine hits in six innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Melvin Mora and a sacrifice fly by Jed Lowrie . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Jason Varitek . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Jason Varitek . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Nolan Reimold led off with a single , stole second	False
The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Nolan Reimold led off with a single , stole second and scored on Jed Lowrie 's sacrifice fly . Boston took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
Boston took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Nick Markakis and a run - scoring single by Jason Varitek . Baltimore took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
Baltimore took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Jed Lowrie and a run - scoring single by Jason Varitek . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
He walked none and struck out nine . J. P. Howell pitched the 10th	True
He walked three and struck out a season - high 10 . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
He walked none and struck out nine . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI double by Aaron Hill , but the Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half . B. J. Upton led off with a single , stole second	False
B. J. Upton led off with a single , stole second and scored on Longoria 's sacrifice fly . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with one out in the eighth	True
The right - hander struck out 10 and walked three . Jeremy Hermida hit a solo homer in the second inning and Chris Coghlan added a two - run shot in the ninth	True
He struck out two and walked two . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Angel Pagan hit a one - out triple and scored on a sacrifice fly by Ronnie Belliard . Washington tied it in the sixth	True
Washington tied it in the sixth . Nick Johnson led off with a single , stole second	False
Nick Johnson led off with a single , stole second and scored on Ronnie Belliard 's sacrifice fly . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Willingham hit a two - run homer off Pedro Feliciano to give the Nationals a 3 - 1 lead . Pedro Feliciano got the final out of the inning and Mike MacDougal worked a perfect ninth	True
The Blue Jays have won five of six and are 5 - 1 against the Indians this season . Scutaro hit a three - run homer in the sixth inning and a three - run shot in the sixth	True
The Blue Jays have won five of six and are 5 - 1 against the Indians this season . Scutaro hit a three - run homer in the sixth inning and a three - run shot in the sixth , his first multihomer game of the season and the first	False
Scutaro hit a three - run homer in the sixth inning and a three - run shot in the sixth , his first multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Scutaro hit a three - run shot off Jose Veras in the sixth	True
He walked two and struck out four . Scutaro hit a three - run homer in the sixth	True
He walked two and struck out four . Scutaro hit a three - run homer in the sixth , and Rios hit a solo shot in the sixth	True
It was the second time this season the Blue Jays have hit back - to - back homers . Scutaro hit a two - out , three - run shot in the sixth	True
It was the second time this season the Blue Jays have hit back - to - back homers . Scutaro hit a two - out , three - run shot in the sixth , his second	False
Scutaro hit a two - out , three - run shot in the sixth , his second of the season and first since July 26 . Scutaro hit a three - run shot off Jose Veras in the sixth	True
Scutaro hit a two - out , three - run shot in the sixth , his second of the season and first since July 26 . Scutaro hit a three - run shot off Jose Veras in the sixth , his second homer of the season and second	False
The right - hander is 2 - 0 in five career starts against the Red Sox , including a 1 - 0 record . Hunter gave up a run - scoring single to Mike Lowell in the ninth	True
The Red Sox scored in the first inning on Hank Blalock 's two - out , two - run single . Hank Blalock had a two - out , two - run single in the first	True
The Red Sox scored in the first inning on Hank Blalock 's two - out , two - run single . Hank Blalock had a two - out , two - run single in the first , and Kevin Youkilis had an RBI double in the sixth	True
Hank Blalock had a two - out , two - run single in the first , and Kevin Youkilis had an RBI double in the sixth for a 3 - 1 lead . David Murphy had a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
David Murphy had a sacrifice fly in the seventh for the Red Sox , who have lost three of their past four games . The Red Sox had a chance to score in the first	True
David Murphy had a sacrifice fly in the seventh for the Red Sox , who have lost three of their past four games . The Red Sox had a chance to score in the first when Ian Kinsler led off with a single , stole second	False
David Murphy had a sacrifice fly in the seventh for the Red Sox , who have lost three of their past four games . The Red Sox had a chance to score in the first when Ian Kinsler led off with a single , stole second and went to third	False
The Red Sox had a chance to score in the first when Ian Kinsler led off with a single , stole second and went to third on catcher Jarrod Saltalamacchia 's throwing error . Kinsler stole second	False
Kinsler stole second and scored on Hank Blalock 's two - out single to center . The Red Sox had runners on first	False
Kinsler stole second and scored on Hank Blalock 's two - out single to center . The Red Sox had runners on first and second	False
Kinsler stole second and scored on Hank Blalock 's two - out single to center . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with no outs in the third	True
The Red Sox had runners on first and second with no outs in the third , but Hunter got Marlon Byrd to ground into a double play . The Red Sox had runners on first	False
The Red Sox had runners on first and second with no outs in the third , but Hunter got Marlon Byrd to ground into a double play . The Red Sox had runners on first and second	False
The Red Sox had runners on first and second with no outs in the third , but Hunter got Marlon Byrd to ground into a double play . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Hunter got Marlon Byrd to ground into a double play . The Red Sox had runners on first	False
The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Hunter got Marlon Byrd to ground into a double play . The Red Sox had runners on first and second	False
The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Hunter got Marlon Byrd to ground into a double play . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third	False
The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Hunter got Marlon Byrd to ground into a double play . The Red Sox had runners on first	False
The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Hunter got Marlon Byrd to ground into a double play . The Red Sox had runners on first and second	False
The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Hunter got Marlon Byrd to ground into a double play . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth	True
Cuddyer hit a go - ahead triple in the 10th inning and the Twins beat the Oakland Athletics 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Michael Cuddyer hit a go - ahead triple in the 10th	True
Michael Cuddyer hit a go - ahead triple in the 10th to give the Twins a 3 - 2 victory over the A 's on Tuesday night . Michael Cuddyer hit an RBI triple off Andrew Bailey ( 4 - 3 ) in the 10th	True
Matt Guerrier ( 5 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect 10th	True
The Twins have won four of five . Joe Mauer led off the 10th	True
The Twins have won four of five . Joe Mauer led off the 10th with a single off Andrew Bailey ( 4 - 3 ) , stole second	False
He struck out four and walked three . The A 's took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The A 's took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Orlando Cabrera and a run - scoring triple by Delmon Young . Oakland took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	False
Oakland took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI groundout by Adam Kennedy and a sacrifice fly by Nick Punto . The A 's tied it in the fourth	False
The A 's tied it in the fourth on an RBI double by Delmon Young and a run - scoring groundout by Adam Kennedy . The A 's tied it in the fourth	False
NEW YORK -- Yankees manager Joe Girardi was happy to see Hideki Matsui hit a game - winning home run in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the New York Yankees a 2 - 1 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Hideki Matsui hit a solo homer with one out in the bottom of the ninth	True
Hideki Matsui hit a solo homer with one out in the bottom of the ninth off Jim Johnson ( 3 - 4 ) , giving the Yankees a 2 - 1 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) got two outs in the ninth	True
Alfredo Aceves ( 6 - 1 ) got two outs in the ninth for the win . Hideki Matsui hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
Hideki Matsui hit a solo homer in the ninth off Jim Johnson ( 3 - 4 ) , who blew a save for the first time this season . Hideki Matsui hit a solo homer in the ninth	False
He struck out four and walked three . Baltimore 's Adam Jones extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first	True
Gomes hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Milwaukee Brewers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . Gomes ' two - run homer off Seth McClung ( 3 - 3 ) gave the Reds a 5 - 3 lead in the eighth	True
Gomes ' two - run homer off Seth McClung ( 3 - 3 ) gave the Reds a 5 - 3 lead in the eighth . Gomes ' two - run homer in the eighth	True
David Weathers ( 2 - 2 ) struck out two in a perfect eighth inning for the win . Francisco Cordero pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Dodgers scored four runs in the first inning , including a two - run homer by Miguel Tejada , and a two - run double by Hunter Pence to make it 6 - 0 . Rodriguez led off the third	True
The Dodgers scored four runs in the first inning , including a two - run homer by Miguel Tejada , and a two - run double by Hunter Pence to make it 6 - 0 . Rodriguez led off the third with his third homer of the season and second	False
Rodriguez led off the third with his third homer of the season and second in two games . He also had an RBI single in the first	True
He also had an RBI single in the first . Rodriguez led off the third	True
He also had an RBI single in the first . Rodriguez led off the third with his third homer of the season and second	False
Rodriguez led off the third with his third homer of the season and second in two games . The Astros added three more in the fifth	True
The Astros added three more in the fifth on a two - run double by Michael Bourn and a run - scoring groundout by Russell Martin . Rodriguez led off the third	True
The Astros added three more in the fifth on a two - run double by Michael Bourn and a run - scoring groundout by Russell Martin . Rodriguez led off the third with his third homer of the season and second	False
Rodriguez led off the third with his third homer of the season and second in two games . He also had a run - scoring single in the first	True
He also had a run - scoring single in the first . Rodriguez led off the third	True
He also had a run - scoring single in the first . Rodriguez led off the third with his third homer of the season and second	False
Rodriguez led off the third with his third homer of the season and second in two games . He also had an RBI single in the first	True
He also had an RBI single in the first . Rodriguez led off the third	True
He also had an RBI single in the first . Rodriguez led off the third with his third homer of the season and second	False
Rodriguez led off the third with his third homer of the season and second in two games . The Dodgers added a run in the third	True
The Dodgers added a run in the third on Blum 's two - out , two - run double . Rodriguez led off the third	True
The Dodgers added a run in the third on Blum 's two - out , two - run double . Rodriguez led off the third with his third homer of the season and second	False
Rodriguez led off the third with his third homer of the season and second in two games . He also had an RBI single in the first	True
Utley hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and the Phillies held on to beat the Florida Marlins 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Chase Utley hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Jayson Werth added a two - out RBI single in the seventh	True
Ronny Paulino had three hits and scored three runs for the Phillies , who have won four of five . Jimmy Rollins led off the 12th	True
It was the first time the Phillies had scored at least 10 runs in a game this season . Clay Condrey ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Clay Condrey ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for the win . Brad Lidge gave up a run in the 12th	True
Chris Coghlan and Chris Coghlan homered for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Florida scored three runs in the fourth	True
Lowe ( 8 - 7 ) allowed one run and four hits in six innings , striking out five and walking one . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth	True
The Rockies have lost six of seven . Helton tied it at 1 with a solo homer in the sixth	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Helton tied it at 1 with a solo homer in the sixth	True
Helton tied it at 1 with a solo homer in the sixth . Helton tied it at 1 with a solo homer in the sixth	True
Helton tied it at 1 with a solo homer in the sixth . Helton tied it at 1 with a solo homer in the sixth , his 16th of the season and second	False
Helton tied it at 1 with a solo homer in the sixth , his 16th of the season and second in two games . Helton tied it at 1 in the sixth	True
It was the first homer allowed by Jimenez this season , the most in the majors this season . The Rockies had a chance to take the lead in the seventh	True
The Rockies had a chance to take the lead in the seventh , loading the bases with one out , but Matt Diaz grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Rockies had runners on first	False
The Rockies had a chance to take the lead in the seventh , loading the bases with one out , but Matt Diaz grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Rockies had runners on first and second	False
The Rockies had a chance to take the lead in the seventh , loading the bases with one out , but Matt Diaz grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
He walked three and did n't strike out a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The Diamondbacks scored three runs in the eighth	True
The Diamondbacks scored three runs in the eighth off Blaine Boyer , who was charged with five runs -- two earned -- and four hits in 1 2/3 innings . The Diamondbacks scored three runs in the eighth	False
The Diamondbacks scored three runs in the eighth off Blaine Boyer , who was charged with five runs -- two earned -- on four hits and a walk in 1 2/3 innings . The Marlins scored three runs in the eighth	False
The Marlins scored three runs in the eighth off Blaine Boyer , who was charged with five runs -- two earned -- on four hits and a walk in 1 2/3 innings . The Diamondbacks scored three runs in the eighth	False
The Diamondbacks scored three runs in the eighth off Blaine Boyer , who was charged with five runs -- two earned -- and four hits in 1 2/3 innings . The Diamondbacks scored three runs in the eighth	False
Albert Pujols had two hits and drove in a run for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Ryan Ludwick hit a three - run homer off Todd Coffey in the eighth	True
Ryan Stetter ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in two - thirds of an inning . Ryan Ludwick hit a three - run homer off Manny Parra in the eighth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Parra in five starts this season . Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Mike Cameron 's two - out RBI single . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	False
The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Prince Fielder led off with a double and scored on Mike Cameron 's single . The Cardinals tied it in the eighth	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . San Diego 's Pablo Sandoval hit a two - run double in the fifth	True
San Diego 's Pablo Sandoval hit a two - run double in the fifth to give the Giants a 6 - 0 lead . Travis Ishikawa hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Travis Ishikawa hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Padres , who have lost four of five . San Diego scored three runs in the seventh	True
Nate Schierholtz added an RBI single to make it 9 - 3 . Jeremy Affeldt pitched a perfect eighth	True
Nate Schierholtz added an RBI single to make it 9 - 3 . Jeremy Affeldt pitched a perfect eighth , and Sergio Romo got the final out in the eighth	True
The Padres have lost six of seven . San Diego 's Tony Gwynn Jr. extended his hitting streak to a career - high 11 games with a leadoff single in the fifth	True
Ben Zobrist hit a game - ending RBI single with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning , lifting the Rays to a 10 - 9 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Zobrist had a two - out RBI single off Scott Downs in the ninth	True
Zobrist had a two - out RBI single off Scott Downs in the ninth , giving the Rays a 10 - 9 victory over the Blue Jays . J. P. Howell ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Blue Jays have lost five of six . Zobrist hit a three - run homer off Scott Kazmir in the fourth	True
Zobrist hit a three - run homer off Scott Kazmir in the fourth to give the Blue Jays a 9 - 5 lead . The Blue Jays tied it 9 - 9 in the seventh	True
The Blue Jays tied it 9 - 9 in the seventh on a run - scoring single by Alex Rios and a run - scoring double by Jason Bartlett . The Blue Jays took a 9 - 5 lead in the seventh	True
The Blue Jays took a 9 - 5 lead in the seventh on a run - scoring single by Kevin Millar and a run - scoring single by Alex Rios . The Blue Jays tied it at 9 in the seventh	True
The Blue Jays tied it at 9 in the seventh on a run - scoring single by Scott Rolen and a run - scoring single by Gabe Kapler . The Blue Jays tied it at 9 in the seventh	False
Brett Gardner had three hits and drove in two runs , and Robinson Cano had two hits and two RBIs for the Yankees . Mark Teixeira had four hits , including a run - scoring single in the fourth inning , and Robinson Cano had a two - run single in the sixth	True
Zimmerman 's two - run single in the eighth inning gave the Washington Nationals a 5 - 3 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Ryan Zimmerman had a two - run single in the eighth	True
Zimmerman 's two - run single in the eighth inning gave the Washington Nationals a 5 - 3 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Ryan Zimmerman had a two - run single in the eighth , and Adam Dunn hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
He walked one and struck out one . Mike Gonzalez ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and one hit in one - third	True
Mike Gonzalez ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and one hit in one - third of an inning . Mike MacDougal pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Nate McLouth 's run - scoring single and a run - scoring single by Garret Anderson . Washington added a run in the sixth	True
Washington added a run in the sixth on Chipper Jones ' RBI single and a run - scoring single by Brooks Conrad . Washington added a run in the eighth	True
Andruw Jones homered and drove in four runs , Michael Young had a three - run double and the Rangers beat the Tampa Bay Rays 12 - 4 on Tuesday night . Jones hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a run - scoring double in the sixth	True
Dioner Navarro hit a three - run homer and Jason Bartlett added a solo shot for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Jones hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a run - scoring double in the sixth	True
Jones hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a run - scoring double in the sixth . Cruz had three hits , including a solo homer in the fifth	True
Cruz had three hits , including a solo homer in the fifth that gave the Rangers a 6 - 1 lead . Jones hit a three - run homer in the first	True
Cruz had three hits , including a solo homer in the fifth that gave the Rangers a 6 - 1 lead . Jones hit a three - run homer in the first and a run - scoring double in the sixth	False
Jones hit a three - run homer in the first and a run - scoring double in the sixth . Jones hit a three - run homer in the first	False
Jones hit a three - run homer in the first and a run - scoring double in the sixth . Jones hit a three - run homer in the first and a run - scoring double in the sixth	False
He struck out three and walked two . Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked three and struck out four . Gordon Beckham hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Alexei Ramirez led off with a single and Dye followed with a two - run homer to left - center to make it 3 - 0 . It was Dye 's third home run of the season and second	False
Callaspo 's two - out , two - run single in the sixth scored Willie Bloomquist , who led off the inning with a single . The Royals tied it in the bottom half on Brayan Pena 's pinch - hit homer , his first	False
Moyer ( 7 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits , striking out one and walking one in 6 1/3 innings . Brad Lidge pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked two and struck out three . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jimmy Rollins ' two - run double . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jayson Werth 's sacrifice fly . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . The White Sox scored three runs in the third	True
The White Sox scored three runs in the third to take a 4 - 0 lead . Podsednik led off with a single , stole second	False
Podsednik led off with a single , stole second and scored on Paul Konerko 's double . Jim Thome 's RBI single made it 5 - 0 in the seventh	True
He walked four and struck out eight . Francisco Cordero pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out six and walked one . Dan Meyer ( 2 - 0 ) got two outs in the seventh	True
Dan Meyer ( 2 - 0 ) got two outs in the seventh for the win . Leo Nunez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Julian Tavarez ( 3 - 6 ) gave up a two - run homer to Cody Ross in the top of the inning . Cody Ross hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Cody Ross hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Washington took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Cody Ross hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Washington took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Emilio Bonifacio led off with a single , stole second	False
Washington took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Emilio Bonifacio led off with a single , stole second and scored on a single by Willingham . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - out , two - run single by Willingham and a two - run double by Willingham . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	False
The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - run double by Willingham and a two - run double by Willingham . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	False
The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - run double by Willingham and a two - run double by Willingham . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	False
He struck out one and walked three . Trevor Hoffman pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out six and walked two . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out six and walked two . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Lastings Milledge , but the Brewers tied it in the third	True
The Pirates have won five of their last six games . Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Pirates have won five of their last six games . Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Craig Counsell , but the Pirates tied it in the third	False
Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Craig Counsell , but the Pirates tied it in the third on a two - out double by Frank Catalanotto and a sacrifice fly by Brandon Moss . The Pirates loaded the bases with one out in the fifth	True
Todd Helton went 3 - for - 5 with a homer and drove in a run for the Rockies . Brandon Medders ( 3 - 1 ) got the last two outs of the eighth	True
Brandon Medders ( 3 - 1 ) got the last two outs of the eighth for the win . Jeremy Affeldt pitched the ninth	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Tulowitzki 's two - out RBI double . Colorado tied it in the fourth	True
Colorado tied it in the fourth on Tulowitzki 's two - out homer . The Rockies tied it in the fourth	False
He struck out two and walked one . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The right - hander struck out five and walked one in his second complete game of the season . It was the first complete game of his career , and the first	False
He struck out seven and walked one . David DeJesus had an RBI single in the fifth	True
David DeJesus had an RBI single in the fifth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Seattle 's Miguel Olivo had an RBI single in the fifth	False
David DeJesus had an RBI single in the fifth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Seattle 's Miguel Olivo had an RBI single in the fifth and a run - scoring single in the fifth	False
Seattle 's Miguel Olivo had an RBI single in the fifth and a run - scoring single in the fifth . Miguel Olivo had an RBI single in the fifth	False
Seattle 's Miguel Olivo had an RBI single in the fifth and a run - scoring single in the fifth . Miguel Olivo had an RBI single in the fifth and David DeJesus added an RBI single in the fifth	False
Cruz hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the seventh inning and the Twins rallied to beat the Texas Rangers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Nelson Cruz hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh	True
Nelson Cruz hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh for the Twins , who have won four of five . Brendan Harris hit a run - scoring single in the eighth	False
Brendan Harris hit a run - scoring single in the eighth and scored on Mike Redmond 's fielder 's choice . Jon Rauch ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Brendan Harris hit a run - scoring single in the eighth and scored on Mike Redmond 's fielder 's choice . Jon Rauch ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win , and Joe Nathan pitched the ninth	False
Wilson ( 4 - 6 ) gave up three runs , three hits and a walk in one - plus inning of relief . Jason Kubel hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Orioles have lost six of seven . Markakis had three hits , including a three - run homer off Jess Todd in the seventh	True
In the bottom half , Pie hit a run - scoring single and Markakis hit a three - run homer to make it 13 - 3 . Pie hit an RBI single in the bottom half , and Markakis hit a three - run homer off Jensen Lewis in the seventh	True
It was the first time this season the Orioles hit back - to - back home runs . Baltimore went up 5 - 2 in the second	True
Baltimore went up 5 - 2 in the second when Wieters hit a two - out RBI double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Andy Marte . Jhonny Peralta put the Indians up 1 - 0 in the first	True
Ortiz hit his second homer of the game in the eighth inning off Tony Ramirez ( 6 - 5 ) to tie it at 2 . It was Ortiz 's second multihomer game of the season and the first	False
It was the first game - ending homer of his career . Ortiz hit a solo shot off Ramon Ramirez in the eighth	True
Daniel Bard ( 1 - 1 ) struck out three in 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Ramon Ramirez gave up Scott Podsednik 's pinch - hit homer in the eighth	True
Chicago starter Tim Wakefield allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , striking out three and walking one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Paul Konerko hit a two - out RBI triple into the right - field corner . The White Sox tied it in the bottom of the second	True
David Eckstein drove in the tying run with a ground - rule double off Kris Medlen ( 3 - 4 ) , and David Eckstein followed with an RBI double . Joe Thatcher ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win and Edward Mujica struck out the side in the 12th	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Atlanta 's Adam LaRoche tied it in the ninth	True
It was the first time the Padres had scored a run in the ninth inning this season . The Braves had runners on first	False
It was the first time the Padres had scored a run in the ninth inning this season . The Braves had runners on first and second	False
It was the first time the Padres had scored a run in the ninth inning this season . The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the bottom of the 10th	True
McCann had three hits , including a two - run homer off Kiko Calero ( 2 - 2 ) in the first inning that gave the Braves a 3 - 0 lead . The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Cody Ross and a two - run homer by Ronny Paulino . The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the first . Dan Uggla led off with a single , stole second	False
Dan Uggla led off with a single , stole second and scored on Paulino 's groundout . The Marlins tied it in the second	True
The Marlins tied it in the second on a two - out RBI single by Reid Cantu . The Marlins tied it at 3 in the second	True
The Marlins tied it at 3 in the second on a two - out , two - run homer by McCann . The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out , two - run homer by McCann . The Marlins tied it at 3 in the second	True
Lowe gave up nine hits and five runs , three earned , in five innings . Peter Moylan ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Peter Moylan ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth	True
Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances . The Marlins had a chance to tie it in the eighth	True
The right - hander was coming off a three - hit shutout of San Diego in his previous start , a 3 - 0 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers . Rasmus led off the fourth	True
He walked three and struck out six . Cuddyer led off the second inning with a home run , his third	False
Kubel 's two - out , two - run double in the third gave the Twins a 3 - 0 lead , and DeJesus ' two - out , two - run double in the sixth gave the Twins a 6 - 2 lead . The Twins scored two runs in the seventh	True
Miguel Olivo had a two - run double and Brendan Harris an RBI single , and Kubel 's run - scoring single made it 6 - 2 . The Twins scored twice in the seventh	True
It was Roberts ' second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 29 , 2011 , against the White Sox . Roberts hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
It was Roberts ' second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 29 , 2011 , against the White Sox . Roberts hit a solo homer in the fourth and a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Roberts hit a solo homer in the fourth and a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Orioles a 3 - 1 lead . Roberts tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
The Cubs ' Cesar Carrillo ( 1 - 1 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings , struck out two and walked four . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Padres have won four of five . Gonzalez hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Gonzalez hit a solo homer in the fifth to give San Diego a 4 - 3 lead . It was his third homer of the season and second	False
It was his third homer of the season and second in two games . The Padres tied the game at 3 in the fourth	True
The Padres tied the game at 3 in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Alfonso Soriano and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Chase Headley . Kouzmanoff had three hits , including a two - out RBI single in the first	True
Derrek Lee hit a solo homer in the first inning for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . The Cubs tied the game at 1 in the bottom of the first	True
The Cubs tied the game at 1 in the bottom of the first on a two - out RBI single by Kouzmanoff , who had three hits and drove in two runs . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Kouzmanoff , who had three hits and drove in two runs . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Kouzmanoff , who was 3 - for - 4 with two RBIs . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Dustin Nippert ( 4 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits in six innings for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Frank Francisco pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Kinsler hit a solo homer in the second	True
The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Kinsler hit a solo homer in the second , his third	False
It was the third time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back homers . Ortiz hit a solo shot in the second	True
It was the third time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back homers . Ortiz hit a solo shot in the second , his 12th	False
Kinsler 's solo homer in the second gave the Rangers a 1 - 0 lead . Ortiz led off the bottom of the second	True
Kinsler 's solo homer in the second gave the Rangers a 1 - 0 lead . Ortiz led off the bottom of the second with a homer to left - center , his 14th	False
It was the first homer allowed by Tazawa in five starts this season . Teagarden led off the sixth	True
Teagarden led off the sixth with his first homer of the season , a towering shot that landed in the second deck of seats in right field . It was Teagarden 's fourth	False
Teagarden led off the sixth with his first homer of the season , a towering shot that landed in the second deck of seats in right field . It was Teagarden 's fourth of the season and second	False
Jason Bay homered and Josh Hamilton had a two - run single for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Kinsler led off the second	True
Jason Bay homered and Josh Hamilton had a two - run single for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Kinsler led off the second with his third homer of the season and second	False
Kinsler led off the second with his third homer of the season and second in two games . Borbon added a run - scoring single in the second	True
Borbon added a run - scoring single in the second , and Martinez 's solo homer in the fifth cut the deficit to 4 - 2 . Victor Martinez hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Boston has scored only 14 runs in its last six games . The Red Sox had a chance to score in the third	True
The right - hander has won his last three starts , but has won his last three starts . Brian Fuentes worked a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander struck out seven and walked three . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third	True
Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third on an RBI single by Juan Rivera and a run - scoring single by Howie Kendrick . The Orioles added two runs in the third	True
The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous four starts . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Howie Kendrick and a run - scoring single by Robb Quinlan . Baltimore went up 5 - 0 in the third	True
Braun hit two of Milwaukee 's four home runs , Yovani Gallardo pitched six strong innings and the Brewers beat the Houston Astros 11 - 2 on Wednesday night . Braun hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the second	True
The Astros have lost six of seven . Rodriguez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a solo shot in the second	True
Lopez had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in three runs . Lopez had three hits , including a three - run homer in the first	True
Lopez had three hits , including a three - run homer in the first , and a three - run homer in the inning . Braun hit a two - run shot in the first	True
Braun hit a two - run shot in the first , and Lopez added a three - run shot in the inning . Braun hit a solo homer in the second	True
Braun hit a two - run shot in the first , and Lopez added a three - run shot in the inning . Braun hit a solo homer in the second , his second	False
Verlander ( 13 - 6 ) allowed four hits , struck out eight and walked one . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Raburn hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Raburn hit a solo homer in the seventh off Clay Cabrera to make it 2 - 0 . Ryan Raburn hit a solo homer in the seventh	False
Verlander ( 13 - 6 ) allowed four hits , struck out eight and walked one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Miguel Cabrera led off with a double and scored on Raburn 's single . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on a two - out single by Victor Martinez . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Raburn hit a two - out homer into the right - field seats . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
Raburn 's solo homer in the seventh made it 2 - 0 . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Cano hit a game - ending RBI single in the 11th inning and the Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Robinson Cano hit a two - run homer off Shawn Camp ( 1 - 6 ) in the fourth	True
Cano hit a game - ending RBI single in the 11th inning and the Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Robinson Cano hit a two - run homer off Shawn Camp ( 1 - 6 ) in the fourth , and Randy Ruiz hit a solo shot in the fourth	True
Robinson Cano hit a two - run homer off Shawn Camp ( 1 - 6 ) in the fourth , and Randy Ruiz hit a solo shot in the fourth to give the Yankees a 2 - 1 lead . Toronto tied it at 3 in the sixth	False
He struck out five and walked three . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out five and walked three . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Edwin Encarnacion hit a one - out single , stole second	False
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Edwin Encarnacion hit a one - out single , stole second and scored on Marco Scutaro 's two - out single . Damon led off the second	True
Damon led off the second with his 16th homer and Ruiz followed with a drive to right - center for a 3 - 1 lead . Toronto tied it at 3 in the sixth	True
Toronto tied it at 3 in the sixth on a run - scoring single by Jorge Posada and a run - scoring single by Raul Chavez . The Blue Jays tied it at 3 in the sixth	False
He walked four and struck out one . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He walked four and struck out one . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan led off with a single , stole second	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan led off with a single , stole second and scored on Ryan Church 's double . Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Brian McCann 's RBI single and Yunel Escobar 's run - scoring double . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ryan Church 's RBI single and a run - scoring groundout by Adam Dunn . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Ryan Church and a run - scoring double by Nyjer Morgan . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Ryan Church and a run - scoring double by Matt Diaz . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Nyjer Morgan 's leadoff double and a run - scoring single by Ryan Church . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Cuddyer homered twice and drove in three runs , Carlos Guillen had three hits and the Tigers rallied to beat the Minnesota Twins 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Cuddyer hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
Cuddyer hit a solo homer in the ninth off Fernando Rodney to give the Tigers a 7 - 6 lead . Cuddyer hit a solo homer in the ninth	False
Placido Polanco had three hits and drove in a run for the Twins , who have won four of five . Brandon Lyon ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Brandon Lyon ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Fernando Rodney gave up a solo homer to Miguel Cabrera in the ninth	True
Matt Guerrier ( 5 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in one - plus innings . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Magglio Ordonez hit a two - out double and scored on Mike Redmond 's single . Delmon Young led off the fourth	True
Delmon Young led off the fourth with his sixth homer of the season , and Thames led off the inning with his third homer of the season . The Tigers tied it in the fourth	True
The Tigers tied it in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Ramon Santiago , but the Twins tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Brandon Inge and a two - run triple by Alexi Casilla . The Twins tied it in the sixth	True
Yovani Gallardo ( 10 - 9 ) allowed two runs and six hits with four strikeouts in seven innings . Blum hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Blum hit a two - run homer in the fourth off Yovani Gallardo ( 10 - 9 ) , who gave up two runs and six hits with four strikeouts in seven innings . Blum hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
It was the first homer allowed by Gallardo this season . Blum hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
It was the first homer allowed by Gallardo this season . Blum hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
It was the first homer allowed by Gallardo this season . The Astros had runners on first	False
It was the first homer allowed by Gallardo this season . The Astros had runners on first and second	False
It was the first homer allowed by Gallardo this season . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the second	True
The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Rodriguez escaped the jam by striking out Jason Michaels to end the inning . The Brewers had runners on first	False
The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Rodriguez escaped the jam by striking out Jason Michaels to end the inning . The Brewers had runners on first and second	False
The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Rodriguez escaped the jam by striking out Jason Michaels to end the inning . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the second	True
The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Rodriguez struck out Jason Michaels and retired Casey McGehee on a fly to center . The Brewers had runners on first	False
The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Rodriguez struck out Jason Michaels and retired Casey McGehee on a fly to center . The Brewers had runners on first and second	False
The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Rodriguez struck out Jason Michaels and retired Casey McGehee on a fly to center . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the second	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Kosuke Fukudome hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Kosuke Fukudome hit a solo homer in the seventh and Clint Barmes added a solo shot in the seventh	True
Kosuke Fukudome hit a solo homer in the seventh and Clint Barmes added a solo shot in the seventh . Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth	True
Derrek Lee hit a solo homer for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado tied it at 4 in the sixth	True
Colorado tied it at 4 in the sixth on Milton Bradley 's RBI single . The Cubs tied it at 4 in the sixth	False
The Cubs tied it at 4 in the sixth on a two - out , two - run single by Ryan Theriot and a two - out , two - run single by Brad Hawpe . The Cubs tied it at 4 in the sixth	False
The Cubs tied it at 4 in the sixth on a two - out , two - run single by Omar Quintanilla and a run - scoring single by Ryan Theriot . The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
Adrian Beltre had four hits and Alberto Callaspo had two hits and drove in a run for the Royals , who have won four of five . Billy Butler hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Mike Sweeney added a solo shot in the fourth	True
Mark Teahen hit a two - run double and Yuniesky Betancourt followed with a run - scoring double to make it 5 - 0 . Butler hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Alberto Callaspo added a run - scoring single in the fifth	True
It was the first time the Royals had scored at least eight runs in a game this season . Alberto Callaspo had an RBI single in the fifth	True
It was the first time the Royals had scored at least eight runs in a game this season . Alberto Callaspo had an RBI single in the fifth , and Alberto Callaspo had an RBI single in the fifth	False
Evan Longoria hit a two - run homer with two outs in the 13th inning to lift the Rays to a 4 - 2 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . The Rays , who have lost four of five , took a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
The Rays , who have lost four of five , took a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth . Michel Hernandez drew a one - out walk from Takashi Saito ( 2 - 3 ) , stole second	False
Michel Hernandez drew a one - out walk from Takashi Saito ( 2 - 3 ) , stole second and scored on Jason Bartlett 's single . Longoria tied it at 2 with a solo homer in the eighth	True
He struck out 10 , walked two and hit a batter . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth on a solo homer by Kevin Youkilis and a run - scoring single by Josh Reddick . Tampa Bay went ahead 1 - 0 on Jason Bartlett 's RBI single in the seventh	True
Tampa Bay went ahead 1 - 0 on Jason Bartlett 's RBI single in the seventh . Longoria tied it at 2 in the eighth	False
Longoria tied it at 2 in the eighth with a solo homer off Daniel Bard , who was making his major league debut . Longoria tied it at 2 with a solo homer off Daniel Bard in the eighth	True
He struck out three and walked one . Reynolds hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run shot in the second	True
Gerardo Parra had three hits and drove in a run for the Mets , who have lost five of six . Chad Qualls worked a perfect ninth	True
Saltalamacchia hit a tiebreaking , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Rangers beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
He struck out four and walked two . C. J. Wilson worked the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out four . The Mariners had a chance to tie the game 1 - all in the sixth	True
It was the third time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back homers . Saltalamacchia hit a two - run shot in the seventh	True
Saltalamacchia hit a two - run shot in the seventh to give the Rangers a 4 - 2 lead . It was Saltalamacchia 's 14th homer of the season and second	False
It was the fourth time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back home runs . Saltalamacchia hit a two - run shot in the seventh	True
Murphy 's homer in the first gave the Rangers a 1 - 0 lead . The Rangers tied it at 1 in the sixth	True
He struck out three and walked two . Grady Sizemore hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
PITTSBURGH -- Andrew McCutchen had a career - high three homers and drove in a career - high six runs as the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Washington Nationals 11 - 6 on Tuesday night . McCutchen had a career - high six RBIs , including a two - run homer in the fourth inning , and a three - run shot in the sixth	True
McCutchen had a career - high six RBIs , including a two - run homer in the fourth inning , and a three - run shot in the sixth . He also had a two - run shot in the fourth	True
McCutchen had a career - high six RBIs , including a two - run homer in the fourth inning , and a three - run shot in the sixth . He also had a two - run shot in the fourth and a three - run homer in the sixth	False
He also had a two - run shot in the fourth and a three - run homer in the sixth . McCutchen also had a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He also had a two - run shot in the fourth and a three - run homer in the sixth . McCutchen also had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth	False
McCutchen also had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth	False
McCutchen also had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth	False
McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . He also had a two - run shot in the fourth	True
McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . He also had a two - run shot in the fourth , a two - run shot in the fourth	True
McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . He also had a two - run shot in the fourth , a two - run shot in the fourth and a three - run homer in the sixth	False
He also had a two - run shot in the fourth , a two - run shot in the fourth and a three - run homer in the sixth . McCutchen also had a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He also had a two - run shot in the fourth , a two - run shot in the fourth and a three - run homer in the sixth . McCutchen also had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth	False
McCutchen also had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth	False
McCutchen also had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth , a two - run shot in the sixth	True
McCutchen also had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth , a two - run shot in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth	False
McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth , a two - run shot in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth . He also had a two - run homer in the fourth	True
McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth , a two - run shot in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth . He also had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth	False
He also had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He also had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth	False
McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . He had a two - run homer in the sixth	False
McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . He had a two - run homer in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth	False
He had a two - run homer in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth . McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He had a two - run homer in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth . McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth	False
McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . He had a two - run homer in the sixth	False
McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . He had a two - run homer in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth	False
He had a two - run homer in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth . McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He had a two - run homer in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth . McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth	False
McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . He had a two - run homer in the sixth	False
McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth . He had a two - run homer in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth	False
He had a two - run homer in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth . McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He had a two - run homer in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth . McCutchen had a two - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the sixth	False
The right - hander struck out nine and did n't walk a batter . Ross Gload hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Ross Gload hit a two - run homer in the fifth for a 5 - 0 lead . Adam LaRoche had a two - run single in the seventh	False
Adam LaRoche had a two - run single in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 . Yunel Escobar had an RBI single and pinch - hitter Omar Infante drove in a run with a pinch - hit single in the ninth	True
Yunel Escobar had an RBI single and pinch - hitter Omar Infante drove in a run with a pinch - hit single in the ninth . Leo Nunez gave up two unearned runs in the ninth	True
Leo Nunez gave up two unearned runs in the ninth to make it 5 - 2 . Leo Nunez gave up two unearned runs in the ninth	False
Leo Nunez gave up an RBI single to Yunel Escobar and a run - scoring single to Jorge Cantu , who had three hits . Brendan Donnelly came on to strike out pinch - hitter Brooks Conrad with runners on first	False
Leo Nunez gave up an RBI single to Yunel Escobar and a run - scoring single to Jorge Cantu , who had three hits . Brendan Donnelly came on to strike out pinch - hitter Brooks Conrad with runners on first and second	False
Brendan Donnelly came on to strike out pinch - hitter Brooks Conrad with runners on first and second to end the game . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Chris Coghlan led off with a single , stole second	False
The right - hander allowed three hits in eight innings , struck out eight and walked two . Brian Wilson got the final out in the ninth	True
The right - hander was 0 - 2 with a < unk > ERA in his previous four starts . Mariano Rivera pitched the ninth	True
He walked five and struck out three . Robinson Cano homered for the second straight game , and Johnny Damon added a two - run single in the eighth	True
Jay Bruce homered and drove in three runs , Joey Votto had three hits and scored three runs , and the Reds beat the Houston Astros 10 - 4 . Laynce Nix hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Miguel Tejada added a solo shot in the third	True
But the right - hander retired the next three batters to end the inning . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Nix 's sacrifice fly in the third pushed the lead to 5 - 1 . Nix 's sacrifice fly in the third made it 5 - 1 , and Tejada added an RBI single in the fifth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.25 ERA in his last five starts . Lou Marson doubled in two runs in the fifth	True
Lou Marson doubled in two runs in the fifth to make it 3 - 1 . Luis Valbuena tied it with a solo homer in the sixth	True
Lou Marson doubled in two runs in the fifth to make it 3 - 1 . Luis Valbuena tied it with a solo homer in the sixth , and Nick Markakis led off the sixth	True
The right - hander struck out five and walked one . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Baltimore took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Michael Aubrey and a run - scoring double by Lou Scott . Baltimore took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
Baltimore took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth on a run - scoring double by Marson and a run - scoring single by Lou Marson . Baltimore took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth	False
Baltimore took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth on a run - scoring double by Michael Aubrey and a run - scoring single by Lou Marson . Baltimore took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth	False
Jackson ( 13 - 7 ) allowed seven hits , walked three and struck out two . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked one and struck out three . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Adam Dunn 's RBI single , but the Mets tied it in the bottom half on Murphy 's RBI single . The Mets tied it in the seventh	True
The Mets tied it in the seventh on an RBI single by Adam Dunn and a run - scoring single by Cristian Guzman . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Mets tied it in the seventh on an RBI single by Adam Dunn and a run - scoring single by Cristian Guzman . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when David Wright singled , stole second	False
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when David Wright singled , stole second and scored on Murphy 's two - out single . Washington tied it in the seventh	True
Washington tied it in the seventh when Francoeur doubled and scored on Adam Dunn 's infield single . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Daniel Murphy . Washington tied it in the seventh	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.99 ERA in his last four starts . The Rockies scored four runs in the fourth	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Ian Stewart and a solo homer by Troy Tulowitzki . The Rockies scored three runs in the fourth	True
He struck out six , walked five and hit a batter . Gonzalez led off the game with a home run to left - center , his 14th	False
Gonzalez led off the game with a home run to left - center , his 14th of the season , and Tulowitzki followed with a solo shot to left . Gonzalez led off the game with a home run to left - center , his 12th	False
Casey McGehee singled in the go - ahead run in the eighth inning , and the Brewers beat the Houston Astros 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Trevor Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out three and walked two . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out three and walked two . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out homer by Lance Berkman , but the Astros tied it in the third	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out homer by Lance Berkman , but the Astros tied it in the third on a run - scoring single by Miguel Tejada and a run - scoring single by Corey Hart . Houston tied it in the sixth	True
Houston tied it in the sixth on a two - out RBI single by Felipe Lopez , who was 1 - for - 3 with three walks and an RBI . Milwaukee tied it in the seventh	True
Milwaukee tied it in the seventh on a two - out single by Hunter Pence , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
He walked three and struck out eight . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth	True
Miguel Tejada 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 , and Geoff Blum 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Joey Votto led off with a single , stole second	False
Joey Votto led off with a single , stole second and scored on Geoff Blum 's single . Matsui led off the third	True
Matsui led off the third with his second homer of the season and first since July 26 . The Reds tied it at 4 in the sixth	True
SEATTLE -- The Chicago White Sox needed a strong outing from Freddy Garcia to beat the Seattle Mariners 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Ken Griffey Jr. hit a solo homer in the second inning and A. J. Pierzynski had a two - run single in the seventh	True
Freddy Garcia ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six innings for the White Sox . Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth	True
Paul Konerko followed with an RBI double to give the White Sox a 5 - 3 lead . Pierzynski had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Mariners took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Mariners took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out , two - run double by Mark Kotsay and a run - scoring groundout by Jose Lopez . Chicago added three more in the fourth	True
Griffey led off the second inning with his 22nd home run of the season , a drive into the right - field seats . The White Sox added three more in the fourth	True
Aaron Rowand hit a two - run single and Travis Ishikawa followed with a two - run single to make it 3 - 0 . Velez hit a sacrifice fly in the second	True
Aaron Rowand hit a two - run single and Travis Ishikawa followed with a two - run single to make it 3 - 0 . Velez hit a sacrifice fly in the second , and Molina homered in the third	True
Velez hit a sacrifice fly in the second , and Molina homered in the third to make it 4 - 0 . The Giants added three more in the seventh	True
The Giants added three more in the seventh on Velez 's sacrifice fly and Velez 's sacrifice fly . Jeremy Affeldt pitched the eighth	True
The Giants added three more in the seventh on Velez 's sacrifice fly and Velez 's sacrifice fly . Jeremy Affeldt pitched the eighth and Joel Peralta gave up a run - scoring single to Fred Lewis in the eighth	True
Jeremy Affeldt pitched the eighth and Joel Peralta gave up a run - scoring single to Fred Lewis in the eighth . Velez hit a two - run triple in the eighth	False
Velez hit a two - run triple in the eighth and scored on Juan Uribe 's single . Uribe added an RBI single in the eighth	False
Velez hit a two - run triple in the eighth and scored on Juan Uribe 's single . Uribe added an RBI single in the eighth and Velez added a three - run triple in the eighth	False
Yasuhiko Yabuta ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of two - hit relief for his first major league win . Joakim Soria pitched the ninth	True
Ryan Raburn had three hits , including a home run , and drove in a run for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Detroit took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Detroit took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Aubrey Huff 's two - out , two - run single , but the Royals tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Brayan Pena and a run - scoring double by Alberto Callaspo . The Royals tied it in the third	True
The Royals tied it in the third on a sacrifice fly by Magglio Ordonez and a sacrifice fly by Marcus Thames . The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Aubrey Huff 's two - run single and Raburn 's two - out homer . The Royals tied it in the third	False
The Royals tied it in the third on a sacrifice fly by Brayan Pena , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . The Royals tied it in the third	False
The Royals tied it in the third on a sacrifice fly by Mitch Maier and a two - run single by Aubrey Huff . The Royals tied it in the third	False
He struck out seven and walked three . Eric Young Jr. had a pinch - hit single in the eighth	True
Swisher hit a solo homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Yankees to a 3 - 2 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Swisher connected off Dan Wheeler ( 4 - 4 ) with one out in the bottom of the ninth	True
Swisher connected off Dan Wheeler ( 4 - 4 ) with one out in the bottom of the ninth to give New York a 3 - 2 lead . Mariano Rivera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out six and walked two . Tampa Bay 's Jason Bartlett hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
He struck out six and walked two . Tampa Bay 's Jason Bartlett hit a solo homer in the seventh off Phil Hughes , and Nick Swisher hit a solo shot in the eighth	False
Tampa Bay 's Jason Bartlett hit a solo homer in the seventh off Phil Hughes , and Nick Swisher hit a solo shot in the eighth to give the Rays a 2 - 1 lead . Swisher connected off Dan Wheeler ( 4 - 4 ) with one out in the bottom of the ninth	False
It was the first time this season the Yankees have hit back - to - back homers . Swisher connected off Phil Niemann in the bottom of the eighth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a single and scored on Kevin Youkilis ' single . Mark Kotsay hit a two - out , two - run single in the third	True
Mark Kotsay hit a two - out , two - run single in the third to give the White Sox a 3 - 1 lead . Quentin added a two - run shot off Hideki Okajima in the eighth	True
Quentin added a two - run shot off Hideki Okajima in the eighth . It was Quentin 's 21st homer of the season and second	False
It was Quentin 's 21st homer of the season and second in two games . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI groundout by A. J. Pierzynski . Chicago tied it in the third	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI groundout by A. J. Pierzynski . Chicago tied it in the third when Scott Podsednik walked , stole second	False
Chicago tied it in the bottom half on Kotsay 's two - out , two - run single . The White Sox had runners on first	False
Chicago tied it in the bottom half on Kotsay 's two - out , two - run single . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
Chicago tied it in the bottom half on Kotsay 's two - out , two - run single . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
Chicago tied it in the bottom half on Kotsay 's two - out , two - run single . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Matt Thornton worked a 1 - 2 - 3 eighth	True
Chicago tied it in the bottom half on Kotsay 's two - out , two - run single . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Matt Thornton worked a 1 - 2 - 3 eighth and Matt Thornton worked a perfect eighth	True
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Matt Thornton worked a 1 - 2 - 3 eighth and Matt Thornton worked a perfect eighth . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Blue Jays lost for the sixth time in seven games . Melky Cabrera had a run - scoring single in the second	True
The Blue Jays lost for the sixth time in seven games . Melky Cabrera had a run - scoring single in the second , and Randy Ruiz hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
He walked five and struck out three . Cano led off the fourth	True
He walked five and struck out three . Cano led off the fourth with a homer to left , his fifth	False
It was the second time this season the Yankees have hit back - to - back homers . Cano led off the fourth	True
It was the second time this season the Yankees have hit back - to - back homers . Cano led off the fourth with a drive to right , his fifth	False
It was the first time this season the Yankees hit back - to - back homers . Cano led off the fourth	True
It was the first time this season the Yankees hit back - to - back homers . Cano led off the fourth with a drive to right , his fifth	False
Pujols hit a two - run double , Skip Schumaker had four hits and drove in two runs and the Cardinals beat the Milwaukee Brewers 10 - 3 on Tuesday night . Pujols had a two - run double in the second inning and a two - run double in the second	True
Pujols had a two - run double in the second inning and a two - run double in the second . Schumaker had a two - run single in the second	True
Pujols had a two - run double in the second inning and a two - run double in the second . Schumaker had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second	True
He struck out three and walked four . The Nationals scored three runs in the fifth	True
Chase Headley hit a two - run double and Will Venable followed with an RBI single to make it 5 - 0 . San Diego added two more runs in the sixth	True
San Diego added two more runs in the sixth on an RBI double by David Eckstein and a two - run double by David Eckstein . San Diego added a run in the eighth	True
San Diego added a run in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Kevin Kouzmanoff and a sacrifice fly by Adam Dunn . Washington 's Adrian Gonzalez hit a two - run double in the fifth	True
San Diego added a run in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Kevin Kouzmanoff and a sacrifice fly by Adam Dunn . Washington 's Adrian Gonzalez hit a two - run double in the fifth and a two - run double in the fifth	True
Washington 's Adrian Gonzalez hit a two - run double in the fifth and a two - run double in the fifth to give the Nationals a 4 - 0 lead . It was his first RBI of the season and the first	False
Matt Belisario ( 3 - 3 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . Jonathan Broxton pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The right - hander struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Andre Ethier , but the Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on a two - out error by third baseman Justin Upton . The Dodgers tied it 3 - all in the sixth	True
Yankees starter A. J. Burnett gave up six runs and 11 hits in 5 1/3 innings , walking two and striking out two . Damaso Marte ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect seventh	True
Damaso Marte ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect seventh for the win . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth	True
Luke Scott hit a three - run homer and Felix Pie also went deep for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run homer by Posada , who hit a solo shot in the third	True
Luke Scott hit a three - run homer and Felix Pie also went deep for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run homer by Posada , who hit a solo shot in the third and a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run homer by Posada , who hit a solo shot in the third and a two - run shot in the fifth . Cano hit a two - run shot in the second	True
Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run homer by Posada , who hit a solo shot in the third and a two - run shot in the fifth . Cano hit a two - run shot in the second , and Felix Pie homered in the fifth	False
Cano hit a two - run shot in the second , and Felix Pie homered in the fifth to make it 5 - 3 . The Yankees tied it in the sixth	False
Eric Hinske homered for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
In the bottom half , the Yankees loaded the bases with no outs on a walk and a hit batter , but Melvin Mora grounded into a double play . In the bottom half , Felix Pie hit a solo homer , his third	False
The Yankees were shut out for the third time this season . New York , which had won seven of its previous eight games , went ahead 1 - 0 in the third	True
New York , which had won seven of its previous eight games , went ahead 1 - 0 in the third on Utley 's second homer of the game , a two - out drive to left - center that made it 2 - 0 . It was Utley 's first multihomer game of the season and the first	False
Mark Teixeira hit a game - ending homer in the 11th inning , and the Yankees rallied to beat the Twins 4 - 3 in the opener of a day - night doubleheader . Rodriguez hit a tying , three - run homer off Joe Nathan in the ninth	True
It was the first walk - off homer of the season for Teixeira , who hit his first homer of the year on Opening Day . David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 11th	True
It was the first walk - off homer of the season for Teixeira , who hit his first homer of the year on Opening Day . David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 11th for the win , and Jon Rauch pitched a 1 - 2 - 3 eighth	True
He walked five and struck out six . Phil Coke got one out in the eighth	True
He walked five and struck out six . Phil Coke got one out in the eighth and Mariano Rivera came on in the ninth	False
Phil Coke got one out in the eighth and Mariano Rivera came on in the ninth for his 22nd postseason save . Rivera struck out Rodriguez with runners on first	False
Phil Coke got one out in the eighth and Mariano Rivera came on in the ninth for his 22nd postseason save . Rivera struck out Rodriguez with runners on first and second	False
Rivera struck out Rodriguez with runners on first and second to end the inning . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jose Lopez 's two - out , two - run double . Franklin Gutierrez had an RBI double in the fifth	False
The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jose Lopez 's two - out , two - run double . Franklin Gutierrez had an RBI double in the fifth , and Jose Lopez added a two - run double in the fifth	False
It was the first time the Mariners had scored more than three runs in a game this season . Seattle scored in the seventh	True
Seattle scored in the seventh on Taylor Teagarden 's run - scoring groundout . David Aardsma pitched a perfect ninth	True
PHILADELPHIA -- Paul Hoover 's first major league game - ending hit with the bases loaded in the 10th inning lifted the Philadelphia Phillies to a 7 - 6 victory over the Florida Marlins on Tuesday night . Hoover 's pinch - hit single with two outs in the 10th	True
Hoover 's pinch - hit single with two outs in the 10th off Dan Meyer ( 3 - 2 ) scored John Mayberry Jr. from second base . John Mayberry Jr. led off the 10th	True
John Mayberry Jr. led off the 10th with a single off Dan Calero and scored on Paul Hoover 's pinch - hit single to center . Cairo hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Chad Durbin ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . The Phillies took a 6 - 5 lead in the sixth	True
Dan Uggla 's RBI single made it 6 - 5 in the bottom half . Cairo tied it in the eighth	True
Cairo tied it in the eighth with a leadoff triple and scored on pinch - hitter Shane Victorino 's pinch - hit single to right . Cairo tied it in the eighth	True
Cairo tied it in the eighth with a leadoff triple and scored on Paul Hoover 's pinch - hit single to right . Cairo tied it in the eighth	True
Cairo tied it in the eighth with a leadoff triple and scored on Paul Hoover 's pinch - hit single to right . Cairo tied it in the eighth	True
Cairo tied it in the eighth with a leadoff triple and scored on Paul Hoover 's pinch - hit single to right . The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
They 're still in the thick of the AL wild - card race . Alex Gordon hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning , Michael Cuddyer added a solo shot in the eighth	True
Alex Gordon hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning , Michael Cuddyer added a solo shot in the eighth and the Twins beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Delmon Young hit a three - run double and Mike Jacobs added a solo homer in the eighth	True
Jon Rauch ( 7 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth	True
SEATTLE -- Adrian Beltre and Jack Cust hit back - to - back home runs in the second inning , leading the Seattle Mariners to a 4 - 2 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Beltre hit a solo homer off Brett Anderson ( 11 - 11 ) in the second inning and added a two - out RBI single in the fifth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Jack Cust hit a solo homer off David Aardsma in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Oakland 's Mike Sweeney hit a two - run single in the fifth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Anderson in five starts this season . Seattle took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Seattle took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Daric Barton hit a run - scoring double and scored on Beltre 's two - out homer . It was Beltre 's 21st home run of the season and second	False
It was the second time this season the Mariners have hit back - to - back home runs . Oakland went ahead 3 - 1 in the fifth	True
The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 2.17 ERA over his last four starts . Billy Wagner pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He walked four and struck out five . Nate McLouth led off the first inning with a homer , and Hunter Pence had an RBI single in the second	True
Nate McLouth led off the first inning with a homer , and Hunter Pence had an RBI single in the second to give the Astros a 2 - 0 lead . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by J. R. Towles and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Troy Glaus . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
Heyward 's two - run homer in the third gave the Braves a 4 - 2 lead . Houston tied it at 2 in the second	True
Arizona scored six runs in the first inning , including a two - run homer by Dexter Fowler , and a two - run single by Tony Abreu . Kelly Johnson hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
Kelly Johnson hit a solo homer in the ninth off Franklin Morales ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up two hits and a run in two innings . Bob Howry ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win , and Juan Gutierrez pitched the 10th	True
Bob Howry ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win , and Juan Gutierrez pitched the 10th for his first save . The Diamondbacks took a 7 - 6 lead in the fourth	True
The Diamondbacks took a 7 - 6 lead in the fourth on a two - run single by Justin Upton and a two - run single by Tony Abreu . The Rockies tied it at 11 in the fifth	True
The Rockies tied it at 11 in the fifth on a two - run single by Melvin Mora and a two - run double by Tony Abreu . The Diamondbacks tied it at 11 in the fifth	False
The Diamondbacks tied it at 11 in the fifth on a two - run single by Tony Abreu and a two - run double by Tony Abreu . The Rockies tied it at 11 in the fifth	False
The Rockies tied it at 11 in the fifth on a two - run double by Tony Abreu and a two - run double by Troy Tulowitzki . The Rockies tied it at 11 in the fifth	False
The Rockies tied it at 11 in the fifth on a two - run single by Melvin Mora and a two - run single by Tony Abreu . The Rockies took a 6 - 0 lead in the first	True
Adam LaRoche hit a two - run double and Young followed with a three - run homer to make it 6 - 0 . Gonzalez led off the bottom of the second	True
Adam LaRoche hit a two - run double and Young followed with a three - run homer to make it 6 - 0 . Gonzalez led off the bottom of the second with a solo homer , his first	False
Albert Pujols had three hits and scored a run for the Cardinals , who have won three of four . Yadier Molina had an RBI double and pinch - hitter Bryan Anderson had a pinch - hit RBI double in the seventh	True
He struck out four and walked three . Dennys Reyes ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Dennys Reyes ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Ryan Franklin worked the ninth	True
Ryan Franklin worked the ninth for his seventh save in as many chances . Takashi Saito ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up a run and two hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth	True
He struck out two and walked two . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Brian McCann and a run - scoring single by Nate McLouth . Troy Glaus drove in Atlanta 's first run with an RBI single in the third	True
Troy Glaus drove in Atlanta 's first run with an RBI single in the third . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
He walked two and struck out none . Joakim Soria gave up a run in the ninth	True
Joakim Soria gave up a run in the ninth but held on for his fifth save in five chances . Joe Mauer led off the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out two . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when David DeJesus led off with a double and scored on J. J. Hardy 's single . The Royals tied it in the second	True
The Royals tied it in the second on a sacrifice fly by Mitch Maier and a run - scoring single by Yuniesky Betancourt . The Royals tied it in the second	True
Adam Jones hit a two - run homer , Adrian Beltre drew a bases - loaded walk in the eighth inning and the Red Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Baltimore took a 3 - 0 lead in the third	True
Adam Jones hit a two - run homer , Adrian Beltre drew a bases - loaded walk in the eighth inning and the Red Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Baltimore took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on a solo homer by David Ortiz and a two - run shot by Adam Jones , but the Orioles scored three times in the eighth	True
Baltimore took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on a solo homer by David Ortiz and a two - run shot by Adam Jones , but the Orioles scored three times in the eighth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Drew hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Baltimore took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on a solo homer by David Ortiz and a two - run shot by Adam Jones , but the Orioles scored three times in the eighth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Drew hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Matt Albers ( 0 - 2 ) , and Adrian Beltre drew a bases - loaded walk in the eighth	False
Manny Delcarmen ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
Baltimore starter Jon Lester allowed four hits and four walks in 5 2/3 innings , striking out seven . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Josh Reddick . Baltimore added a run in the fifth	True
Baltimore added a run in the fifth when Jeremy Hermida led off with a double and scored on a single by Nick Markakis . Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out , two - run homer by Ortiz . Baltimore made it 3 - 0 in the fifth	False
The right - hander struck out one and walked two . Dunn hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and added a two - run shot in the sixth	True
Dunn hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and added a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Nationals a 4 - 1 lead . Dunn hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Dunn hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and added a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Nationals a 4 - 1 lead . Dunn hit a two - run homer in the sixth , and Nyjer Morgan added an RBI double in the seventh	True
He struck out three and walked two . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out three and walked two . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when James Loney led off with a single , stole second	False
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when James Loney led off with a single , stole second and scored on Adam Kennedy 's single . Dunn tied it in the fourth	True
Dunn tied it in the fourth with his second homer of the game , a two - run shot that made it 4 - 1 . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Dunn , who hit a two - run shot in the sixth	True
Braun homered and drove in five runs , Randy Wolf pitched six scoreless innings and the Brewers beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 20 - 0 on Tuesday night . Fielder hit a three - run homer in the third inning and Braun added a two - run double in the fifth	True
The right - hander , who had been 0 - 4 in his previous six starts , had n't allowed more than three earned runs in any of his previous five starts . Fielder hit a three - run homer in the third	True
The right - hander , who had been 0 - 4 in his previous six starts , had n't allowed more than three earned runs in any of his previous five starts . Fielder hit a three - run homer in the third and Edmonds added a three - run shot in the seventh	True
Fielder hit a three - run homer in the third and Edmonds added a three - run shot in the seventh as the Brewers roughed up Pittsburgh starter Daniel McCutchen ( 0 - 2 ) for eight runs -- six earned -- and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings . Edmonds had a career - high four hits , including a three - run homer in the seventh	True
Edmonds had a career - high four hits , including a three - run homer in the seventh that made it 16 - 0 . It was the first four - hit game of the season for Edmonds , who had a career - high four hits , including a three - run homer in the seventh	False
It was his first career four - hit game , a three - run shot off Joel Hanrahan that made it 16 - 0 . Edmonds had four hits , including a three - run homer in the seventh	True
It was his first career four - hit game , a three - run shot off Joel Hanrahan that gave the Brewers a 16 - 0 lead . It was Edmonds ' first career four - hit game , and his three - run shot in the seventh	True
It was the first time the Brewers had scored six runs in a game since May 2 , 2006 , against the Chicago Cubs . Fielder hit a three - run homer in the third	True
It was the first time the Brewers had scored six runs in a game since May 2 , 2006 , against the Chicago Cubs . Fielder hit a three - run homer in the third and Braun added a two - run double in the fifth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Pirates scored four runs in the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jason Bartlett 's RBI single and B. J. Upton 's run - scoring single . Tampa Bay made it 5 - 0 in the fourth	True
Tampa Bay made it 5 - 0 in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Pena and a bases - loaded walk to Rodriguez . The White Sox added three more in the sixth	True
The White Sox added three more in the sixth on a bases - loaded walk to Rodriguez and a bases - loaded walk to Rodriguez . The White Sox scored three times in the sixth	True
Gabe Kapler had an RBI single and Rodriguez walked with the bases loaded to force in a run , and Rodriguez walked to load the bases . The White Sox loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth	True
He struck out one , walked one and hit a batter . Zimmerman 's two - run homer in the fifth made it 10 - 2 , and the Rockies added three more in the sixth	False
Zimmerman 's two - run homer in the fifth made it 10 - 2 , and the Rockies added three more in the sixth . Cristian Guzman had a career - high four hits , including a two - out single in the ninth	False
Zimmerman 's two - run homer in the fifth made it 10 - 2 , and the Rockies added three more in the sixth . Cristian Guzman had a career - high four hits , including a two - out single in the ninth off Sean Burnett , and Ian Desmond walked to bring up Zimmerman , who hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Billy Wagner ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Ryan Madson blew a save for the first time in 12 chances this season , giving up three runs in the ninth	True
Ryan Madson blew a save for the first time in 12 chances this season , giving up three runs in the ninth . Jason Heyward hit a tying homer off Ryan Madson with two outs in the ninth	True
Jason Heyward hit a tying homer off Ryan Madson with two outs in the ninth , but the Braves could n't hold a 3 - 0 lead . Chase Utley drove in a run with a fielder 's choice grounder in the fifth	True
Chase Utley drove in a run with a fielder 's choice grounder in the fifth , and Ryan Howard 's RBI single in the fifth gave the Phillies a 2 - 0 lead . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The right - hander , who began the season on the disabled list with a strained right elbow , has a 7.24 ERA in five starts this season . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Ryan Howard 's RBI single . The Phillies made it 2 - 0 in the fifth	True
Tampa Bay 's John Lackey ( 1 - 1 ) allowed eight runs -- eight earned -- and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead on Ben Zobrist 's RBI groundout in the first	True
Tampa Bay 's John Lackey ( 1 - 1 ) allowed eight runs -- eight earned -- and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead on Ben Zobrist 's RBI groundout in the first and Jason Bartlett 's run - scoring triple in the fourth	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead on Ben Zobrist 's RBI groundout in the first and Jason Bartlett 's run - scoring triple in the fourth . Evan Longoria hit a two - run double in the third	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead on Ben Zobrist 's RBI groundout in the first and Jason Bartlett 's run - scoring triple in the fourth . Evan Longoria hit a two - run double in the third and Carl Crawford added a sacrifice fly in the fourth	False
Evan Longoria hit a two - run double in the third and Carl Crawford added a sacrifice fly in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Jeremy Hermida hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
He walked one and struck out three . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He walked one and struck out three . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Reid Brignac hit a one - out single , took second	False
Bartlett scored on Carl Crawford 's sacrifice fly . Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ben Zobrist 's RBI groundout . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore 's Ty Wigginton homered off Shawn Kelley in the ninth	True
Ken Griffey Jr. hit a two - run single in the third inning to give Baltimore a 7 - 0 lead . The Orioles added three more runs in the seventh	True
Kotchman 's two - run homer in the third gave the Mariners a 7 - 0 lead . It was Kotchman 's second homer of the season and second	False
It was Kotchman 's second homer of the season and second in two days . He also had an RBI double in the seventh	True
He struck out four and walked three . Mariano Rivera worked a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander improved to 8 - 1 in his career against the Marlins , including 4 - 0 in his career against the Marlins . Ryan Madson pitched the ninth	True
Ryan Howard had an RBI single and Carlos Ruiz drove in a run with a single to make it 3 - 0 . The Phillies made it 5 - 0 in the second	True
The Phillies made it 5 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring double by Ryan Howard and a run - scoring double by Juan Castro . The Marlins added three runs in the fourth	True
He has five homers in the first two games of the series . Uggla hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Uggla hit a solo homer in the fourth to cut it to 5 - 1 . The Marlins added three runs in the seventh	True
The Marlins added three runs in the seventh on RBI doubles by Jayson Werth and Juan Castro and a run - scoring double by John Baker . Hanley Ramirez had three hits , including an RBI double off David Herndon in the ninth	True
The right - hander struck out four and walked one . Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth	True
He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Ty Wigginton hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
PHILADELPHIA -- Ryan Zimmerman 's first career pinch - hit homer was a two - run shot in the eighth inning that sent the Washington Nationals to a 7 - 5 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Ryan Madson gave up a two - run homer to Shane Victorino in the eighth	True
PHILADELPHIA -- Ryan Zimmerman 's first career pinch - hit homer was a two - run shot in the eighth inning that sent the Washington Nationals to a 7 - 5 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Ryan Madson gave up a two - run homer to Shane Victorino in the eighth , but the Phillies rallied for three runs in the ninth	True
Ryan Madson gave up a two - run single to Ivan Rodriguez and a two - run homer to Adam Dunn , but got the final two outs for his fourth save . Ryan Madson gave up a two - run homer to Ivan Rodriguez in the eighth	True
Matt Capps got the last five outs for his fourth save in five chances . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Juan Castro 's two - out , two - run single . Juan Castro hit a two - run single in the sixth	True
Juan Castro hit a two - run single in the sixth to give the Phillies a 4 - 1 lead . Juan Castro had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth	True
Juan Castro had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth that gave the Phillies a 4 - 1 lead . The Phillies scored three runs in the sixth	True
Zimmerman hit a two - run homer off Tyler Walker ( 2 - 0 ) to cut it to 7 - 5 . The Phillies scored three runs in the ninth	True
The Phillies scored three runs in the ninth off Ryan Madson , who blew his second save in as many chances . Ian Desmond singled , stole second	False
It was the second time this season the Nationals have hit back - to - back homers . The Phillies scored three runs in the sixth	True
Josh Hamilton had an RBI double and Michael Brantley followed with a two - run double to cut Texas ' lead to 4 - 2 . Borbon added a two - run single in the eighth	True
Borbon added a two - run single in the eighth to make it 6 - 2 . Andrus had three hits , including an RBI single in the second	True
Andrus had three hits , including an RBI single in the second . He had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the second	True
Jonny Gomes followed with a sacrifice fly to give the Reds a 2 - 1 lead . Nick Masset ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win , and Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander gave up four hits , walked a season - high seven batters and struck out five in 6 2 - 3 innings . John Grabow ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in one - third	True
The right - hander walked one and struck out one , throwing 18 pitches in the first two innings . John Grabow ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in one - third	True
John Grabow ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in one - third of an inning . The right - hander struck out the side in the eighth	True
John Grabow ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in one - third of an inning . The right - hander struck out the side in the eighth , and the Reds took a 1 - 0 lead on Derrek Lee 's RBI single in the fifth	True
The right - hander struck out the side in the eighth , and the Reds took a 1 - 0 lead on Derrek Lee 's RBI single in the fifth . Derrek Lee had an RBI single in the fifth	True
The right - hander is the first pitcher in San Francisco history to strike out at least 10 at least 10 in a game , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Pablo Sandoval hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
The right - hander is the first pitcher in San Francisco history to strike out at least 10 at least 10 in a game , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Pablo Sandoval hit a two - run homer in the eighth and Jason Heyward added a solo shot in the ninth	True
Pablo Sandoval hit a two - run homer in the eighth and Jason Heyward added a solo shot in the ninth off Jeremy Affeldt for his first save of the season . Affeldt gave up a run in the ninth	True
He struck out one and walked one . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out one and walked one . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Mark DeRosa 's two - out , two - run double and Mark DeRosa 's two - out single in the fourth	True
The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Mark DeRosa 's two - out , two - run double and Mark DeRosa 's two - out single in the fourth . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Braves tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Mark DeRosa . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run homer by Magglio Ordonez and a run - scoring single by Travis Hafner . Cleveland made it 4 - 0 in the fourth	True
Cleveland made it 4 - 0 in the fourth on Brandon Inge 's RBI single and Scott Sizemore 's sacrifice fly . Ordonez hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Ordonez hit a two - run homer in the first , and Travis Hafner 's two - out RBI single in the sixth made it 4 - 2 . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Ordonez and a two - run shot by Ordonez . Cleveland made it 4 - 0 in the fourth	True
Cleveland made it 4 - 0 in the fourth on an RBI single by Scott Sizemore and a run - scoring single by Brandon Inge . The Tigers added a run in the fourth	True
The Tigers added a run in the fourth when Carlos Guillen drew a leadoff walk and scored on Hafner 's two - out single to make it 4 - 2 . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Tigers added a run in the fourth when Carlos Guillen drew a leadoff walk and scored on Hafner 's two - out single to make it 4 - 2 . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Ordonez 's two - run homer , his first	False
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Ordonez 's two - run homer , his first of the year . Detroit added another run in the fourth	True
He struck out two and walked one . Jonathan Broxton got the final two outs in the eighth	True
He struck out two and walked one . Jonathan Broxton got the final two outs in the eighth , and Jonathan Broxton got the final two outs in the eighth	False
Jonathan Broxton got the final two outs in the eighth , and Jonathan Broxton got the final two outs in the eighth . Jonathan Broxton struck out two in the eighth	True
Jonathan Broxton got the final two outs in the eighth , and Jonathan Broxton got the final two outs in the eighth . Jonathan Broxton struck out two in the eighth , and Jose Veras gave up a two - run double to James Loney in the ninth	True
Jonathan Broxton struck out two in the eighth , and Jose Veras gave up a two - run double to James Loney in the ninth . Helms batted for Kuroda and hit a two - out , two - run double off Renyel Pinto in the ninth	True
Helms batted for Kuroda and hit a two - out , two - run double off Renyel Pinto in the ninth to make it 7 - 1 . Renyel Pinto came on in the ninth	True
Renyel Pinto came on in the ninth and gave up a two - run double to James Loney and a two - run double to Russell Martin . The Marlins scored two runs in the sixth	True
Casey Blake 's RBI double tied the score at 1 - all , and Jorge Cantu followed with an RBI single to make it 1 - 0 . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
Cabrera had four hits , including a three - run homer off Luis Mendoza ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth inning that put Detroit ahead 4 - 2 . Cabrera had four hits , including a three - run homer in the eighth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Royals scored three runs in the ninth	True
The Royals scored three runs in the ninth off Roman Colon and Rick Ankiel and a sacrifice fly by Rick Ankiel . Ryan Raburn had a bases - loaded walk in the ninth	True
Ryan Raburn had a bases - loaded walk in the ninth , and Austin Jackson hit an RBI double and scored on Rick Ankiel 's sacrifice fly . Cabrera had four hits , including a three - run homer in the eighth	True
Curtis Granderson hit a go - ahead homer in the 10th inning , and the Yankees beat the Boston Red Sox 3 - 1 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Park ( 1 - 1 ) pitched three scoreless innings for his first major league win , and Mariano Rivera worked a perfect 10th	True
He walked two and struck out one . Curtis Granderson hit a solo homer in the 10th	True
He walked two and struck out one . Curtis Granderson hit a solo homer in the 10th to give the Yankees a 2 - 1 lead , and Mark Teixeira added an RBI grounder in the 10th	True
Glaus hit a three - run homer in the seventh inning , Tommy Hanson pitched three - hit ball into the seventh inning and the Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Chipper Jones hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Troy Glaus added a three - run shot off Chad Durbin in the seventh	True
The Phillies have lost six of seven . Glaus , who hit a two - run homer in the first inning , added a three - run shot off Chad Durbin in the seventh	True
It was the first homer of the season for Glaus , who hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning of the Braves ' 3 - 2 win over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . The Braves took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
Yunel Escobar had a two - run single , and Eric Hinske drove in a run with a single to make it 3 - 0 . The Braves added three runs in the third	True
Carlos Ruiz had an RBI double and scored on a double by Ben Francisco to make it 6 - 1 . The Braves added a run in the seventh	True
He struck out six and walked three . Garcia had a two - run double in the fourth	True
He struck out six and walked three . Garcia had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fifth	False
He walked five and struck out one . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Jonny Gomes and a sacrifice fly by Orlando Cabrera . The Cardinals tied it in the second	True
The Cardinals tied it in the second on a two - run double by Skip Schumaker and a two - run double by Felipe Lopez . The Cardinals scored three runs in the fourth	True
Ryan Ludwick 's sacrifice fly and Matt Holliday 's two - run double gave the Cardinals a 7 - 3 lead . The Cardinals added three more in the sixth	True
He struck out a season - high five and walked five . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Manny Ramirez and Chris Snyder also homered for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Justin Upton hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Chris Young added a solo shot in the second	True
Chris Vasquez ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up one run and one hit in two - thirds of an inning . Jonathan Broxton ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
The right - hander struck out 11 and walked none in his first start against the Dodgers since July 29 , 2009 , when he was with the Los Angeles Dodgers . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a leadoff homer by Chris Young and a run - scoring single by Matt Kemp . Young led off the second	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a leadoff homer by Chris Young and a run - scoring single by Matt Kemp . Young led off the second with a homer to left - center , and Ramirez led off the second	True
It was the first homer allowed by Billingsley this season . Ramirez led off the second	True
It was the first homer allowed by Billingsley this season . Ramirez led off the second with a homer to left - center , and Ramirez led off the second	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . Rios hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He walked four and struck out four . Ramon Castro hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Ramon Castro hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 1 in the fourth	True
Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 1 in the fourth on Reid Brignac 's RBI single . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Alex Rios . Tampa Bay took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Tampa Bay took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring double by Evan Longoria and a run - scoring single by Reid Brignac off Sergio Santos . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 1 on Rios ' two - run homer in the fourth	True
The White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Ramon Castro 's first homer of the season , a solo shot to center . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 1 on B. J. Upton 's leadoff triple in the bottom of the sixth	True
Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 1 on B. J. Upton 's leadoff triple in the bottom of the sixth . The White Sox had runners on first	False
Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 1 on B. J. Upton 's leadoff triple in the bottom of the sixth . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 1 on B. J. Upton 's leadoff triple in the bottom of the sixth . The White Sox had runners on first and second with no outs in the third	True
SAN DIEGO -- Ian Desmond and Josh Willingham hit back - to - back home runs in the seventh inning , leading the Washington Nationals to a 5 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . The Nationals had a season - high 16 hits , including three in the seventh inning , and a run - scoring single by Chris Denorfia in the ninth	True
He struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Matt Capps gave up a run in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Willingham hit a three - run homer in the fourth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Willingham hit a three - run homer in the fourth	True
It was the first homer allowed by Richard in five starts this season . Willingham hit a three - run homer in the fourth	True
Willingham hit a three - run homer in the fourth to give the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead . It was his 19th of the season and second	False
It was the fourth time this season the Nationals have hit back - to - back home runs . Willingham hit a three - run shot in the fourth	True
Willingham hit a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead . It was his 19th of the season and second	False
It was his 19th of the season and second in two games . Willingham hit a three - run homer in the fourth	True
Willingham hit a three - run homer in the fourth to give the Nationals a 4 - 1 lead . It was Willingham 's 21st homer of the season and second	False
It was Willingham 's 21st homer of the season and second in two games . The Padres added a run in the seventh	True
The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last six starts . Mariano Rivera pitched the ninth	True
The Twins have lost six of seven and have been shut out for the first time this season . Jeter 's homer in the sixth	True
He walked four and struck out two . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring groundout by Justin Upton and a run - scoring double by Conor Jackson . Tulowitzki 's solo homer in the third made it 3 - 0 , and Brad Hawpe homered in the third	True
Tulowitzki 's solo homer in the third made it 3 - 0 , and Brad Hawpe homered in the third to give the Rockies a 3 - 0 lead . It was Hawpe 's 22nd home run of the season and second	False
It was Hawpe 's 22nd home run of the season and second in two games . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Conor Jackson 's RBI double and a run - scoring double by Seth Smith . Conor Jackson cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the sixth	True
Conor Jackson cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the sixth with a run - scoring double off Joe Beimel , who was making his major league debut . Joe Beimel pitched a perfect eighth	True
Joe Beimel pitched a perfect eighth , and Manny Corpas finished for his fourth save in six chances . Corpas pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Aaron Laffey ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and two hits in one - plus innings for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Choo hit a solo homer in the first	True
Aaron Laffey ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and two hits in one - plus innings for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Choo hit a solo homer in the first and a two - run shot off Jake Westbrook in the fifth	True
Choo hit a solo homer in the first and a two - run shot off Jake Westbrook in the fifth to make it 4 - all . Nix doubled in the sixth	False
Nix doubled in the sixth and scored on Orlando Cabrera 's single to make it 6 - 4 . Nix doubled in a run in the fifth	True
Nix doubled in a run in the fifth and scored on a single by Ryan Hanigan to make it 6 - 4 . Nix doubled in a run in the fifth	True
Nix doubled in a run in the fifth and scored on a two - out double by Trevor Crowe . Nix doubled in a run in the fifth	True
Nix doubled in a run in the fifth and scored on a single by Ryan Hanigan to make it 6 - 4 . Nix doubled in a run in the fifth	True
Nix doubled in a run in the fifth and scored on Orlando Cabrera 's single to make it 6 - 4 . Nix doubled in a run in the fifth	True
Nix doubled in a run in the fifth and scored on a single by Ryan Hanigan to make it 6 - 4 . Nix doubled in a run in the fifth	True
Nix doubled in a run in the fifth and scored on a single by Orlando Cabrera to make it 6 - 4 . Nix doubled in a run in the fifth	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Rockies added three runs in the seventh	True
Alberto Callaspo led off with a double and scored on Scott Podsednik 's sacrifice fly . Mike Aviles had an RBI single in the seventh	True
Alberto Callaspo led off with a double and scored on Scott Podsednik 's sacrifice fly . Mike Aviles had an RBI single in the seventh , and Clint Barmes hit a two - run homer off Esmil Rogers in the eighth	True
Mike Aviles had an RBI single in the seventh , and Clint Barmes hit a two - run homer off Esmil Rogers in the eighth to make it 6 - 2 . The Rockies added three runs in the eighth	False
Barmes hit a two - run homer off Esmil Rogers in the bottom half , giving the Royals a 6 - 2 lead . It was Barmes ' eighth homer of the season and second	False
It was Barmes ' eighth homer of the season and second in two games . The Rockies added three runs in the eighth	True
He struck out three and walked one . The A 's scored three runs in the third	True
Davis hit a two - run double and scored on Davis ' sacrifice fly . The A 's made it 3 - 0 in the third	True
The A 's made it 3 - 0 in the third on a two - run double by Davis and a run - scoring double by Davis . The A 's added a run in the seventh	True
The A 's added a run in the seventh on an RBI double by Andres Torres and a run - scoring single by Ryan Sweeney . The Giants added a run in the seventh	False
The right - hander struck out six and walked one . Luke Bullington ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing a run and two hits in one - third	True
Alfredo Simon ( 1 - 1 ) worked 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Baltimore took a 3 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Baltimore took a 3 - 0 lead in the fifth . Alberto Callaspo singled , stole second	False
The right - hander struck out seven and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
CINCINNATI -- Corey Hart and Jonny Gomes each hit a pair of homers , and Johnny Cueto pitched seven strong innings to lead the Cincinnati Reds to a 6 - 3 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Hart hit a solo homer off Todd Coffey ( 1 - 1 ) in the fourth inning and added a solo shot off reliever Daniel Herrera in the ninth	True
Wright 's sacrifice fly in the third gave the Marlins a 3 - 0 lead . Maybin had a two - run single in the second	True
Wright 's sacrifice fly in the third gave the Marlins a 3 - 0 lead . Maybin had a two - run single in the second and a sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
Pujols hit a two - run homer , Jaime Garcia pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Cincinnati Reds 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the third inning off Aaron Harang ( 2 - 5 ) , and Ludwick added a two - run shot in the seventh	True
The Cardinals have won four of their last five games . Ryan Franklin gave up Drew Stubbs ' two - run homer in the seventh	True
Nieve ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth inning for the win . Fernando Hensley pitched a perfect eighth	True
Nieve ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth inning for the win . Fernando Hensley pitched a perfect eighth and Leo Nunez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Fernando Hensley pitched a perfect eighth and Leo Nunez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Fernando Nieve ( 1 - 2 ) walked Cody Ross leading off the ninth	True
Fernando Nieve ( 1 - 2 ) walked Cody Ross leading off the ninth , then gave up a single to Cody Ross and a walk to pinch - hitter Dan Francoeur . Cody Oviedo ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Cody Oviedo ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Fernando Nieve ( 1 - 2 ) walked Cody Ross leading off the ninth	True
Fernando Nieve ( 1 - 2 ) walked Cody Ross leading off the ninth , then gave up a single to Cody Ross and a walk to pinch - hitter Dan Francoeur . Cody Oviedo ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Chris Coghlan 's RBI single in the third gave the Mets a 1 - 0 lead . The Mets tied it in the third	True
Chris Coghlan 's RBI single in the third gave the Mets a 1 - 0 lead . The Mets tied it in the third when Gaby Sanchez singled , stole second	False
The Mets tied it in the third when Gaby Sanchez singled , stole second and came home on a single by Chris Coghlan . The Marlins tied the game at 1 in the third	True
The Marlins tied the game at 1 in the third . Jason Bay led off with a single , stole second	False
The Marlins tied the game at 1 in the third . Jason Bay led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
Dodgers starter Edwin Jackson ( 1 - 5 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out eight and walking four . Andre Ethier hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He struck out nine and walked one . Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth	True
He struck out nine , walked one and hit a batter . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Matt Kemp led off with a double and Ethier followed with a two - run homer to left - center to give the Dodgers a 2 - 0 lead . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth . Jamey Carroll drew a one - out walk , stole second	False
Jamey Carroll drew a one - out walk , stole second and scored on Matt Kemp 's single to center . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Jon Rauch pitched a perfect ninth	True
Denard Span 's RBI single in the fourth gave the Twins a 3 - 2 lead . The White Sox had runners on first	False
Denard Span 's RBI single in the fourth gave the Twins a 3 - 2 lead . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
Denard Span 's RBI single in the fourth gave the Twins a 3 - 2 lead . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Matt Guerrier struck out Mark Teahen to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Matt Guerrier struck out Mark Teahen to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Matt Guerrier struck out Mark Teahen to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Matt Guerrier struck out Mark Teahen to end the inning . The White Sox had runners on first	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Matt Guerrier struck out Mark Teahen to end the inning . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Matt Guerrier struck out Mark Teahen to end the inning . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	False
Brennan Boesch hit a two - run single in the first inning and the Detroit Tigers beat the New York Yankees 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Mark Teixeira hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Brennan Boesch hit a two - run single in the first inning and the Detroit Tigers beat the New York Yankees 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Mark Teixeira hit a two - run homer in the third , and Johnny Damon hit a solo shot in the fifth	True
Mark Teixeira hit a two - run homer in the third , and Johnny Damon hit a solo shot in the fifth for a 4 - 2 lead . Brennan Boesch had a two - run single in the first	True
Mark Teixeira hit a two - run homer in the third , and Johnny Damon hit a solo shot in the fifth for a 4 - 2 lead . Brennan Boesch had a two - run single in the first and a run - scoring triple in the seventh	True
Eddie Bonine ( 3 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Jose Valverde struck out the side in the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out four . The Yankees scored two runs in the first	True
The Yankees scored two runs in the first on a single by Magglio Ordonez and a groundout by Austin Jackson . Detroit added a run in the second	True
Detroit added a run in the second on a double - play grounder by Nick Swisher and a two - run homer by Mark Teixeira . The Yankees added two more runs in the eighth	True
The Yankees added two more runs in the eighth on an RBI single by Brett Gardner and Marcus Thames ' run - scoring infield single . The Yankees had runners on first	False
The Yankees added two more runs in the eighth on an RBI single by Brett Gardner and Marcus Thames ' run - scoring infield single . The Yankees had runners on first and second	False
The Yankees added two more runs in the eighth on an RBI single by Brett Gardner and Marcus Thames ' run - scoring infield single . The Yankees had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	True
Jenks ( 1 - 1 ) was charged with four runs , three earned , and four hits in 3 1/3 innings . Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth	True
Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . The White Sox trailed 7 - 5 in the eighth	True
Rios went 4 - for - 4 with a walk and scored three runs for the White Sox , who have lost five of six . Wells had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third	True
Wells had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third that put the White Sox ahead 5 - 3 . Wells had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third	False
Wells had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third that put the White Sox ahead 5 - 3 . The White Sox took a 6 - 5 lead in the seventh	True
Hunter Pence hit a two - out , two - run homer in the bottom of the inning to give the Astros a 4 - 3 win over the San Diego Padres . Pedro Feliz 's sacrifice fly off Ryan Webb ( 0 - 1 ) made it 3 - all in the 11th	True
Brandon Lyon ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Lance Berkman led off the 11th	True
Brandon Lyon ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Lance Berkman led off the 11th with a single off Ryan Webb ( 0 - 1 ) and advanced to second	False
Pence followed with a double to right - center field to score Berkman and tie it at 3 . Pedro Feliz tied it at 3 with a sacrifice fly off Heath Bell in the ninth	True
Pedro Feliz tied it at 3 with a sacrifice fly off Heath Bell in the ninth . Tim Stauffer had a two - run double in the fifth	False
Pedro Feliz tied it at 3 with a sacrifice fly off Heath Bell in the ninth . Tim Stauffer had a two - run double in the fifth and Carlos Lee added a solo homer in the sixth	False
He struck out nine and walked one . The Padres had a chance to add to the lead in the ninth	True
The Padres had a chance to add to the lead in the ninth . Pinch-hitter Kazuo Matsui led off with a pinch - hit double and advanced to third	False
He struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . San Diego 's Tony Gwynn Jr. extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with an RBI single in the fifth	True
San Diego 's Tony Gwynn Jr. extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with an RBI single in the fifth . Tony Gwynn Jr. had an RBI single in the fifth	True
They have n't been swept in a three - game series at Target Field this season . Justin Morneau hit a two - out double in the sixth	True
Justin Morneau hit a two - out double in the sixth and scored on a double by Nick Punto to make it 3 - 1 . Young added an RBI double in the eighth	False
Justin Morneau hit a two - out double in the sixth and scored on a double by Nick Punto to make it 3 - 1 . Young added an RBI double in the eighth , and Young added an RBI double in the eighth	False
Henry Medders , Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) , Jenrry Mejia and Francisco Rodriguez combined for 2 2/3 innings of scoreless relief . Mota ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up one run and one hit in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth	True
Mota ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up one run and one hit in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . It was the first blown save of the season for Mota ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up a leadoff homer to Henry Blanco in the 11th	True
It was the second game - ending homer of the season for the Mets , who have won five of their last six games . Henry Blanco hit a solo homer in the 11th	True
Henry Blanco hit a solo homer in the 11th to give the Giants a 4 - 3 lead . The Giants had a chance to score in the eighth	True
Henry Blanco hit a solo homer in the 11th to give the Giants a 4 - 3 lead . The Giants had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter John Bowker drew a one - out walk and went to second	False
The Giants had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter John Bowker drew a one - out walk and went to second on a wild pitch . Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 1 ) struck out two in a perfect 11th	True
The Rockies have lost six of seven . Haeger ( 0 - 4 ) was charged with five runs , two hits and three walks in one - third	True
The right - hander was coming off a two - hit shutout in his first start of the season in which he gave up six runs in 2 1/3 innings of a 10 - 1 loss at San Francisco . The Rockies ' only run came on Clint Barmes ' two - out RBI single in the sixth	True
The Rockies ' only run came on Clint Barmes ' two - out RBI single in the sixth . Andre Ethier had three hits for Los Angeles , including a two - out single in the ninth	True
Albert Pujols hit a go - ahead RBI double in the eighth inning and the Cardinals rallied for a 6 - 3 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Skip Schumaker had an RBI single in the eighth	True
Albert Pujols hit a go - ahead RBI double in the eighth inning and the Cardinals rallied for a 6 - 3 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Skip Schumaker had an RBI single in the eighth and Joey Votto had an RBI single in the eighth	True
He struck out a season - high six and walked none . The Reds took a 3 - 1 lead in the eighth	True
The Reds took a 3 - 1 lead in the eighth on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Scott Rolen and a bases - loaded walk to Albert Pujols . The Reds tied it at 1 in the seventh	False
The Reds tied it at 1 in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Orlando Cabrera and a bases - loaded walk to Albert Pujols . The Reds tied it in the eighth	True
The Reds tied it in the eighth on Matt Holliday 's bases - loaded walk and Joey Votto 's run - scoring single . The Reds took a 3 - 1 lead in the seventh	True
The Reds took a 3 - 1 lead in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Orlando Cabrera and a bases - loaded walk to Pujols . The Cardinals tied it at 1 in the seventh	False
The Cardinals tied it at 1 in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Scott Rolen and a sacrifice fly by Orlando Cabrera . Cincinnati tied it at 1 in the seventh	False
Cincinnati tied it at 1 in the seventh on Orlando Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . The Reds tied it at 1 in the seventh	False
He struck out four and walked three . Trevor Hoffman pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Padres have lost six of seven . San Diego 's Adrian Gonzalez hit an RBI single in the third	True
San Diego 's Adrian Gonzalez hit an RBI single in the third , but the Padres tied it in the bottom half on Ryan Braun 's two - out single . The Padres had runners on first	False
San Diego 's Adrian Gonzalez hit an RBI single in the third , but the Padres tied it in the bottom half on Ryan Braun 's two - out single . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
San Diego 's Adrian Gonzalez hit an RBI single in the third , but the Padres tied it in the bottom half on Ryan Braun 's two - out single . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
He struck out six , including the side in the first inning . The Braves , who have lost four of five , took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves , who have lost four of five , took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Martin Prado 's sacrifice fly . The Braves scored three runs in the fourth	True
The Braves scored three runs in the fourth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Gregor Blanco led off with a single , stole second	False
Gregor Blanco led off with a single , stole second and scored on Brian McCann 's ground - rule double to left - center . The Braves added a run in the sixth	True
He walked two and struck out two . Martin Prado had a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
He walked two and struck out two . Martin Prado had a sacrifice fly in the fourth and Eric Hinske drew a bases - loaded walk in the seventh	False
Martin Prado had a sacrifice fly in the fourth and Eric Hinske drew a bases - loaded walk in the seventh to make it 4 - 1 . Martin Prado had a sacrifice fly in the fourth	False
Martin Prado had a sacrifice fly in the fourth and Eric Hinske drew a bases - loaded walk in the seventh to make it 4 - 1 . Martin Prado had a sacrifice fly in the fourth and Eric Hinske drew a bases - loaded walk in the seventh	False
Martin Prado had a sacrifice fly in the fourth and Eric Hinske drew a bases - loaded walk in the seventh to make it 4 - 1 . Martin Prado had a sacrifice fly in the fourth	False
Martin Prado had a sacrifice fly in the fourth and Eric Hinske drew a bases - loaded walk in the seventh to make it 4 - 1 . Martin Prado had a sacrifice fly in the fourth and Eric Hinske drew a bases - loaded walk in the seventh	False
Martin Prado had a sacrifice fly in the fourth and Eric Hinske drew a bases - loaded walk in the seventh to make it 4 - 1 . Martin Prado had a sacrifice fly in the fourth	False
Martin Prado had a sacrifice fly in the fourth and Eric Hinske drew a bases - loaded walk in the seventh to make it 4 - 1 . Martin Prado had a sacrifice fly in the fourth and Eric Hinske drew a bases - loaded walk in the seventh	False
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run double by Scott Hairston and a two - run double by Everth Cabrera . San Diego took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
San Diego took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Hairston and a two - run double by Jonathan Herrera . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Hairston and a run - scoring single by Chase Headley . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Hairston and a sacrifice fly by Nick Hundley . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
Scott Moore hit a two - run homer , Nyjer Morgan had four hits and the Orioles beat Jake Arrieta and the Washington Nationals 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Baltimore took a 6 - 0 lead into the bottom of the fifth inning , but the Orioles went up 6 - 0 in the fourth	True
Baltimore took a 6 - 0 lead into the bottom of the fifth inning , but the Orioles went up 6 - 0 in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Adam Jones and a run - scoring single by Nyjer Morgan . The Orioles closed to 6 - 3 in the fifth	True
The Orioles closed to 6 - 3 in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Miguel Tejada and a run - scoring single by Nick Markakis . Baltimore went up 6 - 0 in the fourth	True
Baltimore went up 6 - 0 in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Dunn and a run - scoring single by Ivan Rodriguez . Baltimore went up 6 - 0 in the fourth	False
He walked three and struck out two . Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 1 ) worked the eighth	True
He walked three and struck out two . Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 1 ) worked the eighth and Matt Capps got the final out in the eighth	True
Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 1 ) worked the eighth and Matt Capps got the final out in the eighth . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Dunn and a sacrifice fly by Dunn . In the third	True
In the third , Morgan doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Dunn . In the fourth	True
BALTIMORE -- Miguel Tejada hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , Dan Uggla had four hits and drove in three runs , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Florida Marlins 11 - 5 on Tuesday night . Tejada hit a three - run homer in the seventh inning and added a three - run shot in the seventh	True
The Orioles took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Uggla and a run - scoring single by Hanley Ramirez . Baltimore took a 5 - 3 lead in the third	True
He struck out seven and walked one . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Weeks ' two - out , two - run single in the fourth gave Milwaukee a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks had three hits , including a two - run single in the fourth	True
Rickie Weeks had three hits , including a two - run single in the fourth that gave the Brewers a 3 - 2 lead . Weeks had a two - run single in the fourth	True
Rickie Weeks had three hits , including a two - run single in the fourth that gave the Brewers a 3 - 2 lead . Weeks had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth	True
Rickie Weeks had three hits and drove in three runs for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Minnesota took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Minnesota took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Rickie Weeks and a run - scoring single by Ryan Braun . Rickie Weeks had a two - run single in the fourth	True
Brandon Inge hit a go - ahead triple and scored the go - ahead run on Alex Avila 's single , and the Tigers rallied for a 7 - 5 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Tuesday night . Brandon Valverde pitched a perfect ninth	True
Brandon Valverde pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . Magglio Ordonez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Miguel Montero added a solo shot in the fourth	True
Magglio Ordonez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Miguel Montero added a solo shot in the fourth to give the Diamondbacks a 4 - 1 lead . Stephen Drew had a run - scoring single in the fifth	True
Magglio Ordonez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Miguel Montero added a solo shot in the fourth to give the Diamondbacks a 4 - 1 lead . Stephen Drew had a run - scoring single in the fifth , and Chris Young hit a two - run single in the sixth	True
He walked four and struck out four . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Ordonez and a two - run single by Chris Young . Ordonez hit a two - run homer in the first	True
The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Ordonez and a two - run single by Chris Young . Ordonez hit a two - run homer in the first , and Montero led off the fourth	True
Ordonez hit a two - run homer in the first , and Montero led off the fourth with his first homer of the season . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Ogando ( 2 - 0 ) struck out four in 2 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Neftali Feliz pitched the ninth	True
Ronny Paulino hit a two - run double and Chris Coghlan drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Texas scored three times in the fifth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . The Cubs , who have won four of five , took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Derrek Lee homered for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
Oakland took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Starlin Castro 's sacrifice fly and Xavier Nady 's run - scoring single . Daric Barton had an RBI groundout in the seventh	True
He walked three and struck out three . The Cubs took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Cubs took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Ryan Sweeney and a two - run single by Alfonso Soriano . The A 's made it 3 - 1 in the second	True
Gordon Beckham had two hits and three RBIs and Freddy Garcia ( 7 - 3 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings for the White Sox . Bobby Jenks pitched the ninth	True
Brad Lincoln ( 0 - 1 ) gave up five runs and six hits in six innings , walking three and striking out two . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on Beckham 's RBI groundout and Garrett Jones ' two - run double in the first	True
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on Beckham 's RBI groundout and Garrett Jones ' two - run double in the first . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Alexei Ramirez and a run - scoring single by McCutchen . The White Sox tied it in the second	True
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Alexei Ramirez and a run - scoring single by McCutchen . The White Sox tied it in the second on Beckham 's RBI groundout and Garrett Jones ' two - run double in the first	True
The White Sox tied it in the second on Beckham 's RBI groundout and Garrett Jones ' two - run double in the first . The White Sox tied it in the second	False
The White Sox tied it in the second when Neil Walker led off with a double and scored on McCutchen 's single . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Beckham 's RBI groundout and Garrett Jones ' two - run double . The White Sox tied it in the fourth	True
The White Sox tied it in the fourth on an RBI single by Ryan Doumit and a run - scoring single by Alexei Ramirez . The White Sox tied it in the fourth	False
The White Sox tied it in the fourth on Beckham 's RBI groundout and McCutchen 's run - scoring single . The White Sox tied it in the fourth	False
Raburn 's sacrifice fly in the first gave the Tigers a 4 - 2 lead , and the Tigers tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Josh Willingham . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Nationals tied it in the bottom of the inning on Carlos Guillen 's sacrifice fly . Morse led off the fourth	True
He struck out nine and walked two . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ryan Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals tied it in the second	True
The Rockies have lost six of their last seven games . Colorado 's Matt Tolbert hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the eighth	True
Lilly ( 2 - 5 ) struck out three and walked one in his longest outing of the season . Carlos Marmol pitched the ninth	True
They were shut out for the third time this season . Chicago 's Chad Tracy hit a two - out RBI single in the seventh	True
Chicago 's Chad Tracy hit a two - out RBI single in the seventh to give the Cubs a 1 - 0 lead . The White Sox had runners on first	False
Chicago 's Chad Tracy hit a two - out RBI single in the seventh to give the Cubs a 1 - 0 lead . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
Chicago 's Chad Tracy hit a two - out RBI single in the seventh to give the Cubs a 1 - 0 lead . The White Sox had runners on first and second with two outs in the seventh	True
The White Sox had runners on first and second with two outs in the seventh , but Lilly struck out Derrek Lee and got Carlos Quentin to fly out . The White Sox had runners on first	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with two outs in the seventh , but Lilly struck out Derrek Lee and got Carlos Quentin to fly out . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with two outs in the seventh , but Lilly struck out Derrek Lee and got Carlos Quentin to fly out . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Lilly struck out Derrek Lee and got Paul Konerko to fly out . The White Sox had runners on first	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Lilly struck out Derrek Lee and got Paul Konerko to fly out . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Lilly struck out Derrek Lee and got Paul Konerko to fly out . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	False
Chicago 's Alfonso Soriano doubled in the first inning and scored on Chad Tracy 's single . The White Sox had runners on first	False
Chicago 's Alfonso Soriano doubled in the first inning and scored on Chad Tracy 's single . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
Chicago 's Alfonso Soriano doubled in the first inning and scored on Chad Tracy 's single . The White Sox had runners on first and second with no outs in the third	True
Huff hit a pair of two - run homers and Matt Cain pitched seven strong innings to lead the Giants to a 6 - 2 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday night . Huff hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and added a two - run shot in the eighth	True
The A 's have lost six of seven . Uribe hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Uribe hit a solo homer in the sixth for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Uribe homered off Dan Runzler to make it 6 - 2 in the sixth	True
It was the first time the Giants hit back - to - back home runs this season and the first time they 've hit back - to - back home runs this season . The A 's tied it in the fourth	True
The Nationals have lost six of seven . Martin homered off J. D. Martin ( 0 - 2 ) in the fifth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead on Adam Lind 's two - out RBI single in the third	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead on Adam Lind 's two - out RBI single in the third . Gonzalez tied it at 1 with a solo homer in the second	True
Gonzalez tied it at 1 with a solo homer in the second . Gonzalez tied it at 1 with a solo shot in the second	True
Gonzalez tied it at 1 with a solo shot in the second . The Blue Jays tied it at 1 on Gonzalez 's solo homer in the second	True
The Blue Jays tied it at 1 on Gonzalez 's solo homer in the second . The Blue Jays tied it in the third	False
The Blue Jays tied it in the third on Adam Lind 's RBI single . Gonzalez tied it at 1 with a solo homer in the bottom of the second	True
Gonzalez tied it at 1 with a solo homer in the bottom of the second . The Blue Jays tied it at 1 on Gonzalez 's solo homer in the second	True
The Blue Jays tied it at 1 on Gonzalez 's solo homer in the second . The Blue Jays tied it in the third	False
Gonzalez tied it in the bottom half with a sacrifice fly . Gonzalez tied it with a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Hiroki Kuroda gave up four hits in seven scoreless innings , striking out six and walking one . Jonathan Broxton pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The Dodgers ' Chris Carpenter gave up six hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked one . The right - hander , who had won his previous three starts , gave up a leadoff single to Randy Winn in the first inning and a single to Ryan Ludwick in the fourth	True
The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 9.00 ERA in his previous four starts against the Dodgers , including a 1 - 0 victory at St. Louis on July 28 . The Dodgers had runners on first	False
The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 9.00 ERA in his previous four starts against the Dodgers , including a 1 - 0 victory at St. Louis on July 28 . The Dodgers had runners on first and second	False
The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 9.00 ERA in his previous four starts against the Dodgers , including a 1 - 0 victory at St. Louis on July 28 . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Kuo ( 0 - 1 ) struck out Felipe Lopez and Skip Schumaker to end the threat . The Cardinals had runners on first	False
The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Kuo ( 0 - 1 ) struck out Felipe Lopez and Skip Schumaker to end the threat . The Cardinals had runners on first and second	False
The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Kuo ( 0 - 1 ) struck out Felipe Lopez and Skip Schumaker to end the threat . The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
The Cardinals had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Kyle McClellan struck out pinch - hitter Garret Anderson to end the threat . Kuo ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win , and Jonathan Broxton pitched a scoreless ninth	True
NEW YORK -- Jeff Francoeur and the New York Mets are enjoying the way they 've been waiting for . Jeff Francoeur homered and drove in three runs , Pedro Feliciano ( 2 - 2 ) got the final out in the seventh inning and Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth	True
Jeff Francoeur homered and drove in three runs , Pedro Feliciano ( 2 - 2 ) got the final out in the seventh inning and Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his 12th save in 15 chances to beat the Florida Marlins 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Dan Uggla and Cody Ross hit back - to - back home runs in the sixth inning off Hisanori Takahashi , and Angel Pagan hit a two - run single in the sixth	True
Dan Uggla and Cody Ross hit back - to - back home runs in the sixth inning off Hisanori Takahashi , and Angel Pagan hit a two - run single in the sixth to give the Marlins a 5 - 0 lead . The Mets took a 5 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
The Mets took a 5 - 0 lead in the sixth on Jorge Cantu 's RBI single and Ronny Paulino 's sacrifice fly . Ross ( 2 - 2 ) got the final out in the seventh	False
Ross ( 2 - 2 ) got the final out in the seventh for the win . Clay Hensley ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up one run and one hit in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth	True
David Wright had three hits for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Florida scored three times in the sixth	True
Chris Coghlan followed with a double and scored on Jorge Pagan 's two - out single to make it 2 - 0 . The Mets added three runs in the sixth	True
The Mets added three runs in the sixth . Barajas led off with a single , stole second	False
Barajas led off with a single , stole second and scored on Ronny Paulino 's sacrifice fly . Francoeur hit a three - run homer off Ryota Igarashi in the seventh	True
Corey Hart drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the 10th inning and the Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Corey Hart drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the 10th	True
Corey Hart drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the 10th to give the Brewers a 4 - 3 lead . Corey Hart 's sacrifice fly off Jason Motte ( 2 - 2 ) made it 3 - all in the bottom of the ninth	True
Rickie Weeks led off the game with a double and scored on Ryan Braun 's single . Casey McGehee hit a sacrifice fly in the first	True
Rickie Weeks led off the game with a double and scored on Ryan Braun 's single . Casey McGehee hit a sacrifice fly in the first and Colby Rasmus hit a solo homer in the third	True
Casey McGehee hit a sacrifice fly in the first and Colby Rasmus hit a solo homer in the third for the Cardinals , who have lost five of six . Pujols hit his major league - leading 32nd homer , a solo shot in the sixth	True
Pujols hit his major league - leading 32nd homer , a solo shot in the sixth , to cut the Cardinals ' lead to 3 - 2 . The Cardinals tied it in the eighth	False
The Cardinals tied it in the eighth on Randy Winn 's sacrifice fly . Zach Braddock ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Zach Braddock ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . John Axford pitched the 10th	True
The Cardinals have lost six of seven . Pujols hit his major league - leading 32nd homer , a solo shot in the sixth	True
Pujols hit his major league - leading 32nd homer , a solo shot in the sixth , to cut the Cardinals ' lead to 3 - 2 . The Cardinals tied it at 3 in the eighth	False
He struck out six and walked three . The Rays scored three runs in the sixth	True
The Rays scored three runs in the sixth to take a 4 - 2 lead . Jaso hit a two - run homer and Carlos Pena hit a solo shot in the fourth	True
The right - hander struck out six , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Tampa Bay scored twice in the fourth	True
The right - hander allowed one run and six hits , struck out five and walked three . Austin Kearns had an RBI single in the fourth	True
The right - hander allowed one run and six hits , struck out five and walked three . Austin Kearns had an RBI single in the fourth and Russell Branyan added an RBI single in the eighth	False
Austin Kearns had an RBI single in the fourth and Russell Branyan added an RBI single in the eighth . Kerry Wood pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out three and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Shin-Soo Choo led off with a double and scored on Ramon Castro 's single . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
Cleveland tied it in the bottom half on Russell Branyan 's two - out RBI single off Matt Thornton . Chicago had runners on first	False
Cleveland tied it in the bottom half on Russell Branyan 's two - out RBI single off Matt Thornton . Chicago had runners on first and second	False
Cleveland tied it in the bottom half on Russell Branyan 's two - out RBI single off Matt Thornton . Chicago had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
Chicago had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Kerry Putz struck out Juan Pierre to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first	False
Chicago had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Kerry Putz struck out Juan Pierre to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
Chicago had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Kerry Putz struck out Juan Pierre to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	False
The Rangers , who have won four of five , took a 4 - 0 lead in the second inning on a two - run homer by Justin Smoak and a three - run shot by Josh Hamilton , who went 3 - for - 4 with a homer and two RBIs . Evan Longoria hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
He struck out five and walked four . Neftali Feliz pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander struck out two and walked none . Andy Young 's two - run single gave Tampa Bay a 4 - 0 lead in the second	True
It was Smoak 's second homer in two games and his first since July 26 . The Rangers scored four times in the fourth	True
Hamilton led off with a single and scored on a single by Elvis Andrus . The Rays scored four times in the fourth	True
Borbon led off with a double and scored on a single by Sean Rodriguez , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . Longoria led off the seventh	True
He struck out eight and walked one in his second complete game of the season . Albert Pujols drove in two runs and Ryan Ludwick added a two - run double in the eighth	True
Suzuki homered twice and drove in three runs , Jack Cust also went deep and the Athletics beat the Boston Red Sox 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Suzuki hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the eighth	True
Suzuki hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the eighth . He had three hits , including a solo homer in the ninth	False
He had three hits , including a solo homer in the ninth . Hall , who had four hits , had a solo homer in the ninth	False
He had three hits , including a solo homer in the ninth . Hall , who had four hits , had a solo homer in the ninth and a solo shot in the ninth	False
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Suzuki 's two - out , two - run homer , but the A 's tied it in the bottom half on Suzuki 's two - out , two - run homer . Boston took a 5 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Suzuki 's two - out , two - run homer , but the A 's tied it in the bottom half on Suzuki 's two - out , two - run homer . Boston took a 5 - 2 lead in the fourth on a two - run homer by Suzuki and a two - run shot by Suzuki , his second	False
Boston took a 5 - 2 lead in the fourth on a two - run homer by Suzuki and a two - run shot by Suzuki , his second of the season . The A 's scored three runs in the fourth	True
Mark Ellis had a two - run double and Gabe Gross added an RBI single for a 6 - 3 lead . Scutaro 's sacrifice fly made it 6 - 3 in the seventh	True
He struck out six , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Hunter hit a two - out , two - run homer in the fifth	True
Hunter hit a two - out , two - run homer in the fifth to put the Royals ahead 3 - 0 . Hunter hit a two - run homer in the fifth	False
He struck out six and walked three . The Royals scored two runs in the eighth	True
The Royals scored two runs in the eighth off Kevin Jepsen . Scott Podsednik led off with a single , stole second	False
Scott Podsednik led off with a single , stole second and scored on Mike Napoli 's sacrifice fly . David DeJesus had an RBI single in the eighth	True
Konerko went 3 - for - 4 with four RBIs , including a two - run homer in the eighth inning that made it 9 - 3 . Konerko hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
The White Sox scored two runs in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Omar Vizquel and a two - run double by Treanor . Treanor 's sacrifice fly in the sixth made it 9 - 2 , and Konerko hit a two - run homer off Randy Williams in the eighth	True
He walked four and struck out four . Gallardo was hit by a pitch from Jorge Sosa ( 1 - 1 ) with one out in the eighth	True
Carlos Villanueva came on and walked pinch - hitter Mike Lamb to load the bases before striking out Hanley Ramirez to end the inning . Hanley Ramirez hit a run - scoring double in the ninth	True
Hanley Ramirez hit a run - scoring double in the ninth for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . John Kottaras hit a two - run homer off Brian Sanches in the eighth	True
John Axford got the final five outs for his third save in four chances . The Brewers scored in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Jorge Cantu , but the Marlins went ahead 2 - 0 in the third	True
The Brewers scored in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Jorge Cantu , but the Marlins went ahead 2 - 0 in the third . Chris Coghlan led off with a single , stole second	False
Chris Coghlan led off with a single , stole second and scored on Jorge Cantu 's sacrifice fly . The Marlins went ahead 2 - 0 in the third	True
The Marlins went ahead 2 - 0 in the third on a two - out RBI single by Jorge Cantu . The Marlins went ahead 2 - 0 in the third	False
The Marlins went ahead 2 - 0 in the third on an RBI single by Gomez and a sacrifice fly by Jorge Cantu . Florida took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for Jim Thome to come off the disabled list . Jim Thome hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Alexi Casilla added a two - run shot in the fifth	True
He walked four and struck out two . Matt Guerrier got the last four outs , and Jamey Wright worked the eighth	True
It was the third time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back homers . Casilla hit a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Peralta hit a three - run homer in the ninth inning off Jose Valverde , giving the Tigers a 6 - 1 lead . Peralta hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the fifth	True
It was the first multihomer game of his career . Peralta hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
It was the first multihomer game of his career . Peralta hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a two - run shot in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . Peralta hit a solo homer in the second	True
He struck out seven and walked two . Peralta hit a solo homer in the second and a two - run shot in the fifth	True
It was the first multihomer game of his career . Peralta hit a solo homer in the second	True
It was the first multihomer game of his career . Peralta hit a solo homer in the second and a two - run shot in the fifth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Peralta , who hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning of Tuesday 's win over the Red Sox . Peralta hit a solo homer in the second	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Peralta , who hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning of Tuesday 's win over the Red Sox . Peralta hit a solo homer in the second and a two - run shot in the fifth	True
It was the first multihomer game of his career . Peralta hit his second homer of the season in the fifth	True
It was the first multihomer game of his career . Peralta hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
It was the first multihomer game of his career . Peralta hit a two - run homer in the fifth and Scutaro added a solo shot in the fifth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Peralta , who hit a two - run homer in the first inning of the Red Sox 's 3 - 2 win over the Red Sox on Friday night . Peralta hit his second homer of the season in the fifth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Peralta , who hit a two - run shot in the first inning of the Red Sox 's 3 - 2 win over the Red Sox on Friday night . Peralta hit his second homer of the season in the fifth	True
It was his second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 28 , 2011 , against the Red Sox . Peralta hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
It was his second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 28 , 2011 , against the Red Sox . Peralta hit a two - run homer in the fifth and Scutaro added a solo shot in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
Gaby Sanchez 's solo homer in the sixth made it 4 - 1 . It was Sanchez 's second homer of the season and second	False
It was the first time the Marlins hit back - to - back home runs this season . San Diego tied it at 1 in the third	True
San Diego tied it at 1 in the third on Chase Headley 's RBI single . The Marlins tied it at 1 in the third	False
-- Alex Gordon hit a three - run homer with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Kansas City Royals to a 7 - 5 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Alex Gordon hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth	True
The Royals scored three runs in the first inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Nick Markakis led off with a single , stole second	False
He walked five and struck out four . The Orioles took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Orioles took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Luke Scott and a sacrifice fly by Felix Pie . The Orioles scored three runs in the first	True
The Orioles scored three runs in the first , including a two - run double by Rick Ankiel , and a two - run single by Ty Wigginton . Betemit had three hits , including a two - run single in the first	True
Murphy hit a three - run homer in the seventh inning and the Giants beat the Florida Marlins 10 - 9 on Tuesday night . Torres hit a two - run homer off Brian Wilson in the seventh	True
Torres hit a two - run homer off Brian Wilson in the seventh to give the Giants a 9 - 2 lead . Uggla hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Torres hit a two - run homer off Brian Wilson in the seventh to give the Giants a 9 - 2 lead . Uggla hit a two - run homer in the seventh off Clay Hensley ( 1 - 4 ) , who gave up a two - run homer to Andres Torres in the seventh	True
He struck out seven and walked two . Uribe hit a two - run triple in the third	True
He struck out seven and walked two . Uribe hit a two - run triple in the third and added a two - run homer in the sixth	False
It was the first time the Giants had scored at least 10 runs in a game this season . Uribe hit a two - run triple in the third	True
It was the first time the Giants had scored at least 10 runs in a game this season . Uribe hit a two - run triple in the third and added a two - run triple in the third	True
Uribe hit a two - run triple in the third and added a two - run triple in the third to give San Francisco a 6 - 1 lead . The Marlins added two more runs in the third	True
The Marlins added two more runs in the third on a two - run triple by Uribe and a two - run triple by Logan Morrison . Uribe hit a three - run homer off Denny Bautista in the seventh	True
Uribe hit a three - run homer off Denny Bautista in the seventh to make it 9 - 7 . Uggla hit a two - run homer off Jorge Sosa in the seventh	True
Aubrey Huff hit an RBI single and Uribe followed with a two - run single to make it 4 - 0 . Paulino hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Ryan Howard hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the sixth inning , Cody Ransom added a two - run shot and the Phillies rallied to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Ryan Howard hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the sixth	True
Ryan Howard hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the sixth inning , Cody Ransom added a two - run shot and the Phillies rallied to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Ryan Howard hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the sixth , and Jayson Werth hit a two - run shot in the sixth	True
David Herndon ( 1 - 2 ) pitched one inning for the win . Jordan Norberto ( 0 - 1 ) came on in the sixth	True
David Herndon ( 1 - 2 ) pitched one inning for the win . Jordan Norberto ( 0 - 1 ) came on in the sixth and gave up a two - run homer to Cody Ransom , his first	False
Jordan Norberto ( 0 - 1 ) came on in the sixth and gave up a two - run homer to Cody Ransom , his first of the season . Ransom added a two - run shot off Chad Qualls in the seventh	True
It was the fourth time this season the Phillies have hit back - to - back home runs . Werth hit a two - run shot off Cole Hamels in the sixth	True
It was the first homer allowed by Hamels this season . The Diamondbacks took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth	True
The Diamondbacks took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth on Howard 's two - run homer off Rodrigo Lopez . Arizona tied it at 5 in the sixth	False
Arizona tied it at 5 in the sixth on a run - scoring single by Stephen Drew and a run - scoring groundout by Miguel Montero . The Diamondbacks tied it at 5 in the sixth	False
Cruz hit a 2 - 2 pitch from Michael Wuertz over the wall in right - center field to give the Rangers a 3 - 1 lead in the first game of the series . Cruz hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
The right - hander was coming off his first career complete game , a 1 - 0 win over the Los Angeles Angels on July 8 . The Rangers had a chance to score in the first	True
But Lee struck out the next three batters , including a strikeout of Chris Davis . The A 's had runners on first	False
But Lee struck out the next three batters , including a strikeout of Chris Davis . The A 's had runners on first and second	False
But Lee struck out the next three batters , including a strikeout of Chris Davis . The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the second	True
Ortiz hit a two - run shot off Scott Atchison in the eighth inning , giving the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead . Ortiz hit a two - run shot off Fernando Rodney in the eighth	True
Ortiz hit a two - run shot off Scott Atchison in the eighth inning , giving the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead . Ortiz hit a two - run shot off Fernando Rodney in the eighth , and J. D. Drew added a two - run double in the ninth	True
He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Ortiz hit a two - run shot off Scott Atchison in the eighth	True
He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Ortiz hit a two - run shot off Scott Atchison in the eighth to cut it to 4 - 3 , but Matsui hit a two - run homer off Fernando Atchison in the eighth	True
Ortiz hit a two - run shot off Scott Atchison in the eighth to cut it to 4 - 3 , but Matsui hit a two - run homer off Fernando Atchison in the eighth to make it 4 - 3 . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth	False
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth	False
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth	False
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth	False
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth	False
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth	False
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Red Sox a 4 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ortiz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth	False
He walked one and struck out none . Jeff Mathis and Alberto Callaspo had two - out RBI singles in the sixth	True
Jeff Mathis and Alberto Callaspo had two - out RBI singles in the sixth for the Angels , who have won five of their last six games . Cruz homered off Alexi Ogando to start the seventh	False
Jeff Mathis and Alberto Callaspo had two - out RBI singles in the sixth for the Angels , who have won five of their last six games . Cruz homered off Alexi Ogando to start the seventh , and Maicer Izturis had an RBI single in the seventh	False
Cruz homered off Alexi Ogando to start the seventh , and Maicer Izturis had an RBI single in the seventh to make it 6 - 1 . Alberto Callaspo had an RBI single in the sixth	False
Cruz homered off Alexi Ogando to start the seventh , and Maicer Izturis had an RBI single in the seventh to make it 6 - 1 . Alberto Callaspo had an RBI single in the sixth and a sacrifice fly in the seventh	False
The Giants took two of three from the Dodgers , who have won four of five . The Giants scored three runs in the ninth	True
Santiago Casilla ( 3 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jeremy Affeldt pitched the ninth	True
Jeremy Affeldt pitched the ninth for his third save in four chances . Jonathan Broxton ( 3 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and one hit in one - third	True
The Dodgers scored three runs in the first inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Rafael Furcal led off with a single , stole second	False
Pablo Sandoval 's two - run double in the sixth cut San Francisco 's lead to 4 - 2 . Buster Posey hit an RBI single in the ninth	False
Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third inning on a two - run single by Jason Bartlett and a run - scoring double by B. J. Upton . Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third	True
Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third on a run - scoring double by Matt Joyce and a run - scoring single by Carl Crawford . Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third	False
Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third on a two - run single by Jason Bartlett and a run - scoring single by Ben Zobrist . Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third	False
Tampa Bay went up 8 - 0 in the third on a two - run single by Jason Bartlett and a run - scoring single by Ben Zobrist . Tampa Bay loaded the bases with no outs in the third	True
The right - hander escaped the jam by striking out Felix Pie and retiring Nick Markakis on a grounder . Tampa Bay loaded the bases with no outs in the third	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 7.16 ERA in his last five starts . Brian Wilson pitched the ninth	True
Brian Wilson pitched the ninth for his 26th save in 30 chances . The Dodgers had runners on first	False
Brian Wilson pitched the ninth for his 26th save in 30 chances . The Dodgers had runners on first and second	False
Brian Wilson pitched the ninth for his 26th save in 30 chances . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Wilson escaped the jam by striking out Casey Blake and Juan Uribe . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Buster Posey 's RBI single and Pablo Sandoval 's run - scoring double . Schierholtz hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Schierholtz hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 4 - 0 . Furcal led off the sixth	True
Schierholtz hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 4 - 0 . Furcal led off the sixth with his third homer of the season and second	False
The right - hander struck out three and walked two . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Buster Posey 's RBI single and Schierholtz 's two - run homer . The Giants added a run in the sixth	True
Rickie Weeks homered twice for the Brewers , who have lost five of six . Parra , who had been on the disabled list with a strained left hamstring , had three hits , including a solo homer in the fifth	True
Parra , who had been on the disabled list with a strained left hamstring , had three hits , including a solo homer in the fifth that made it 8 - 1 . The Braves scored three runs in the sixth	True
Fielder followed with a run - scoring single to make it 8 - 3 . Diaz added a run - scoring single in the sixth	True
Diaz added a run - scoring single in the sixth to make it 11 - 3 . Ryan Braun had three hits , including an RBI double in the ninth	False
Swisher hit a game - ending RBI single with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Yankees a 5 - 4 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Swisher had a two - out RBI single in the ninth	True
Swisher had a two - out RBI single in the ninth to give the Yankees a 5 - 4 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Swisher had a two - out RBI single in the ninth	False
He struck out six and walked four . Mariano Rivera ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Mariano Rivera ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Randy Choate ( 2 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up one run and one hit in one - third	True
He walked three and struck out five . Tampa Bay took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	True
Tampa Bay took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Evan Longoria and a sacrifice fly by Willy Aybar . Tampa Bay took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	False
Tampa Bay took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on Jason Bartlett 's RBI single and a throwing error by catcher Kelly Shoppach . Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He walked four and struck out three . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He walked four and struck out three . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Coco Crisp led off with a single , stole second	False
The Athletics tied it in the bottom half on Kouzmanoff 's two - run single . Oakland added a run in the second	True
Oakland added a run in the second on a sacrifice fly by Jack Cust . Oakland scored its only run in the second	True
Oakland added a run in the second on a sacrifice fly by Jack Cust . Oakland scored its only run in the second when Kurt Suzuki walked , stole second	False
Oakland added a run in the second on a sacrifice fly by Jack Cust . Oakland scored its only run in the second when Kurt Suzuki walked , stole second , went to third	False
Oakland scored its only run in the second when Kurt Suzuki walked , stole second , went to third on a throwing error by catcher Yuniesky Betancourt and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jack Cust . The Royals added a run in the third	True
Oakland scored its only run in the second when Kurt Suzuki walked , stole second , went to third on a throwing error by catcher Yuniesky Betancourt and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jack Cust . The Royals added a run in the third when Cliff Pennington walked , stole second	False
The Royals added a run in the third when Cliff Pennington walked , stole second and scored on Mark Ellis ' single . The Royals had runners on first	False
The Royals added a run in the third when Cliff Pennington walked , stole second and scored on Mark Ellis ' single . The Royals had runners on first and second	False
The Royals added a run in the third when Cliff Pennington walked , stole second and scored on Mark Ellis ' single . The Royals had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
The Royals had runners on first and second with one out in the third , but Gonzalez escaped the jam by striking out David DeJesus and Rajai Davis to end the inning . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The White Sox took a 6 - 4 lead in the second	True
The White Sox took a 6 - 4 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by A. J. Pierzynski and a sacrifice fly by Carlos Quentin . Gordon Beckham homered in the second inning and Gordon Beckham added a solo shot in the second	True
The right - hander struck out two and walked one . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The right - hander struck out two and walked one . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Ichiro Suzuki and a two - run double by Bobby Abreu , who drove in three runs with a two - out single in the sixth	True
The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Ichiro Suzuki and a two - run double by Bobby Abreu , who drove in three runs with a two - out single in the sixth . Abreu 's two - run single in the sixth gave the Angels a 7 - 3 lead , and Mathis added an RBI single in the seventh	False
Nelson Cruz had three hits and drove in three runs , Tommy Hunter pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Rangers beat the Boston Red Sox 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Bengie Molina hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Bill Hall added a solo shot in the seventh	True
Molina 's two - run homer made it 6 - 0 . Molina 's two - run homer made it 6 - 0 in the first	True
It was the first homer allowed by Wakefield in five starts this season . Molina 's two - run homer made it 6 - 0 in the first	True
Molina 's two - run homer made it 6 - 0 in the first . Hall led off the seventh	True
Molina 's two - run homer made it 6 - 0 in the first . Hall led off the seventh with a solo homer , his first	False
He struck out five and walked two . Juan Gutierrez pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Diamondbacks have lost five of six . The Marlins had a chance to score in the first	True
The Marlins had a chance to score in the first when Gaby Sanchez led off with a double and scored on Justin Upton 's two - out single to center . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Marlins had a chance to score in the first when Gaby Sanchez led off with a double and scored on Justin Upton 's two - out single to center . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Stephen Drew led off with a walk , stole second	False
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Stephen Drew led off with a walk , stole second and scored on Chris Young 's sacrifice fly . Jorge Cantu had an RBI single in the sixth	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Stephen Drew led off with a walk , stole second and scored on Chris Young 's sacrifice fly . Jorge Cantu had an RBI single in the sixth to cut Arizona 's lead to 3 - 2 , but Snyder tied it with a two - run homer off Aaron Heilman in the sixth	True
Jorge Cantu had an RBI single in the sixth to cut Arizona 's lead to 3 - 2 , but Snyder tied it with a two - run homer off Aaron Heilman in the sixth . It was his third homer of the season and second	False
MILWAUKEE -- George Kottaras had a game - winning RBI triple in the 10th inning , and the Milwaukee Brewers rallied to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Braun hit a two - out single in the 10th	True
Braun hit a two - out single in the 10th off Evan Meek ( 4 - 3 ) to give the Brewers a 4 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks drew a one - out walk in the 10th	True
Braun hit a two - out single in the 10th off Evan Meek ( 4 - 3 ) to give the Brewers a 4 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks drew a one - out walk in the 10th against Evan Meek ( 4 - 3 ) and stole second	False
George Kottaras followed with an RBI triple off the wall in right - center to tie it at 4 . Gomez stole third	False
Gomez stole third and scored on Ryan Braun 's single to center . John Axford ( 4 - 1 ) struck out two in a scoreless 10th	True
He walked three and struck out two . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Hart 's two - run homer in the first gave the Pirates a 2 - 0 lead . McCutchen 's RBI single in the third made it 2 - 1 , but Milwaukee went ahead 2 - 1 in the third	False
Ramirez homered twice and drove in four runs , Carlos Silva pitched six effective innings and the Chicago Cubs beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and a two - run shot in the eighth	True
He struck out three and walked one . Ramirez hit a two - run homer off Aaron Heilman in the eighth	True
Ramirez hit a two - run homer off Aaron Heilman in the eighth to put the Cubs ahead 6 - 2 . Ramirez hit a two - run homer off Esmerling Vasquez in the eighth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the eighth and Johnson added an RBI single in the eighth	True
Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the eighth and Johnson added an RBI single in the eighth . Kosuke Fukudome tied it at 1 with a leadoff homer in the sixth	False
Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the eighth and Johnson added an RBI single in the eighth . Kosuke Fukudome tied it at 1 with a leadoff homer in the sixth , and Ramirez hit a two - run shot off Aaron Heilman in the eighth	False
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ramirez , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth inning of Tuesday night 's 4 - 2 win over the Diamondbacks . Johnson had a run - scoring single in the eighth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ramirez , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth inning of Tuesday night 's 4 - 2 win over the Diamondbacks . Johnson had a run - scoring single in the eighth , and Justin Upton had an RBI single in the eighth	True
DETROIT -- Johnny Damon hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning and the Detroit Tigers rallied to beat the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Johnny Damon hit a two - run homer off Alfredo Simon in the bottom of the ninth	True
Johnny Damon hit a two - run homer off Alfredo Simon in the bottom of the ninth to give the Orioles a 5 - 3 lead . Miguel Cabrera hit a two - run homer off Alfredo Simon in the bottom of the ninth	False
It was the first game - ending homer of Damon 's career , and the first game - ending homer of his career . The Tigers trailed 5 - 1 going into the ninth	True
Brennan Boesch followed with an RBI single , and Johnny Damon hit a two - run homer off David Hernandez ( 3 - 7 ) . Nick Markakis had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Alex Avila . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Felix Pie 's two - out RBI single . Felix Pie made it 3 - 1 with an RBI single in the seventh	True
He threw 78 of 113 pitches for strikes in his second shutout of the season . Santana ( 6 - 5 ) struck out five and walked three in his second career shutout and second	False
He threw 78 of 113 pitches for strikes . He struck out five and walked three in his second career shutout and second	False
Brian McCann 's solo homer in the fourth made it 3 - 1 , and the Marlins went ahead 3 - 1 in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Eric Hinske . The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out seven and walked one . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out seven and walked one . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Uggla 's homer in the fourth gave the Marlins a 3 - 1 lead . It was Uggla 's third homer of the season and second	False
Gonzalez ( 7 - 5 ) allowed five hits , walked four and struck out five . Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander struck out five and walked four . Mark Ellis hit a two - run double in the sixth	True
Mark Ellis hit a two - run double in the sixth to give Oakland a 3 - 0 lead . Mark Ellis hit a two - run double in the sixth	False
The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland 's Shin-Soo Choo extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with a single in the first	True
Posey hit a go - ahead double in the eighth inning , and the Giants beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Buster Posey hit a two - run double off Matt Belisle ( 6 - 5 ) in the eighth	True
Buster Posey hit a two - run double off Matt Belisle ( 6 - 5 ) in the eighth to give the Giants a 5 - 2 lead . Jeremy Affeldt ( 4 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Jeremy Affeldt ( 4 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Brian Wilson pitched a perfect ninth	True
Brian Wilson pitched a perfect ninth for his 37th save in 41 chances . Melvin Mora hit a tiebreaking home run in the eighth inning and Andres Torres hit a tiebreaking solo shot in the eighth	True
Melvin Mora hit a tiebreaking home run in the eighth inning and Andres Torres hit a tiebreaking solo shot in the eighth to give the Rockies a 2 - 1 lead . Melvin Mora hit a go - ahead homer in the top of the eighth	True
He walked three and struck out two . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Clint Barmes ' sacrifice fly . The Rockies tied it in the fifth	True
Posey followed with a two - run double to give the Giants a 2 - 1 lead . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Posey followed with a two - run double to give the Giants a 2 - 1 lead . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Freddy Sanchez singled , stole second	False
Cabrera hit a leadoff homer in the 10th inning , lifting the Indians to a 4 - 3 win over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Asdrubal Cabrera led off the bottom of the 10th	True
Asdrubal Cabrera led off the bottom of the 10th with a homer off Jesse Chavez ( 5 - 4 ) . It was the first walk - off homer of the season for Cabrera , who hit a two - run shot in the ninth	True
Betemit 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Indians a 3 - 2 lead . Asdrubal Cabrera led off the bottom of the 10th	True
Asdrubal Cabrera led off the bottom of the 10th with a homer off Luis Valbuena to give the Indians a 4 - 3 lead . Betemit tied it at 3 with a two - out , two - run homer in the sixth	True
Johnson hit a game - ending homer in the bottom of the 10th inning to lift the Rays to a 3 - 2 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Johnson led off the bottom of the 10th	True
B. J. Upton hit a tying homer off Joaquin Benoit to make it 2 - all . Randy Choate ( 4 - 3 ) retired the only batter he faced in the 10th	True
Randy Choate ( 4 - 3 ) retired the only batter he faced in the 10th to earn the win . Dan Kalish hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out three . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead on Adrian Beltre 's sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead on Adrian Beltre 's sacrifice fly in the fourth . Martinez tied it at 2 in the eighth	False
He struck out five and walked two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Adrian Beltre 's sacrifice fly , but the Red Sox tied it in the bottom half on Martinez 's two - out homer . Boston tied it at 1 in the seventh	False
Boston tied it at 1 in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Pena . Martinez gave the Rays a 2 - 1 lead in the eighth	False
He walked three and struck out none . Eric Hinske and Matt Diaz hit back - to - back homers off Andrew Miller in the fourth	True
Eric Hinske and Matt Diaz hit back - to - back homers off Andrew Miller in the fourth for a 9 - 1 lead . Prado had a two - run homer in the seventh	False
Eric Hinske and Matt Diaz hit back - to - back homers off Andrew Miller in the fourth for a 9 - 1 lead . Prado had a two - run homer in the seventh and a two - run shot off Eric O'Flaherty in the seventh	False
Prado had a two - run homer in the seventh and a two - run shot off Eric O'Flaherty in the seventh to make it 12 - 1 . Prado hit a two - run homer off Burke Badenhop in the seventh	True
Prado hit a two - run homer off Burke Badenhop in the seventh to make it 12 - 1 . Prado hit a two - run homer off Eric O'Flaherty in the seventh	True
Prado hit a two - run homer off Eric O'Flaherty in the seventh to make it 12 - 1 . It was the first homer for Prado , who had a two - run shot off Andrew Miller in the ninth	True
Prado had a two - run single , Brian McCann had a three - run double and Donnie Murphy added a pinch - hit RBI double for the Braves , who have won four of five . The Marlins had a season - high 16 hits , including three in the fourth	True
The Marlins had a season - high 16 hits , including three in the fourth . The Braves scored three runs in the fourth	True
The Braves scored three runs in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . Prado hit a two - run homer off Andrew Miller in the seventh	True
Prado hit a two - run homer off Andrew Miller in the seventh to make it 12 - 1 . Hinske led off the bottom of the fourth	True
He struck out two and walked three . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Mark Teahen had an RBI single and Alexei Ramirez added an RBI single in the inning to make it 3 - 0 . Rios added a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Atlanta 's Jair Jurrjens allowed seven runs -- seven earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He had an RBI double in the second	True
Atlanta 's Jair Jurrjens allowed seven runs -- seven earned -- and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . He had an RBI double in the second and a run - scoring double in the second	True
He had an RBI double in the second and a run - scoring double in the second . Omar Infante hit a two - run homer in the third	True
He had an RBI double in the second and a run - scoring double in the second . Omar Infante hit a two - run homer in the third and Seth Smith hit a solo shot in the second	True
Prado hit a two - run double and Derrek Lee drove in two runs with a double to make it 7 - 0 . Derrek Lee 's RBI double made it 7 - 0 in the third	True
Derrek Lee 's RBI double made it 7 - 0 in the third , and McCann had an RBI single in the inning to make it 7 - 0 . Dexter Fowler had a two - run double in the fifth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Huston Street pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Rockies have won four straight and seven of nine . Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Seth Smith added a solo shot in the sixth	True
He struck out four and walked two . Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Gonzalez added a two - run shot in the second	True
Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Gonzalez added a two - run shot in the second to give the Rockies a 2 - 0 lead . It was Gonzalez 's 22nd homer of the season and second	False
It was Gonzalez 's 22nd homer of the season and second in two games . Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the first	True
It was Gonzalez 's 22nd homer of the season and second in two games . Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the first , and Seth Smith hit a solo shot in the sixth	True
Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the first , and Seth Smith hit a solo shot in the sixth to make it 3 - 1 . The Rockies tied it in the seventh	False
The Rockies tied it in the seventh on a two - out single by Matt Diaz and a two - run single by Dexter Fowler off Takashi Saito . Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the first to give the Rockies a 2 - 0 lead . It was his 22nd of the season and second	False
It was his 22nd of the season and second in two games . Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the first to give the Rockies a 2 - 0 lead . Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the second to give the Rockies a 2 - 0 lead . It was Gonzalez 's 22nd homer of the season and second	False
It was Gonzalez 's 22nd homer of the season and second in two games . Gonzalez hit a two - run shot in the second	True
Ankiel 's three - run triple off Carlos Marmol in the ninth gave the Braves a 5 - 3 lead . Billy Wagner pitched the ninth	True
Billy Wagner pitched the ninth for his 30th save . Marmol ( 2 - 3 ) struck out the side in the ninth	True
Marmol ( 2 - 3 ) struck out the side in the ninth to earn the win . Peter Moylan ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Koyie Hill 's two - out RBI single , but the Braves tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI double by Ramirez . The Cubs tied it in the fourth	True
The Braves tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI double by Ramirez . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Ryan Hanigan had two hits and scored twice for the Reds , who have won four of five . Cincinnati took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Cincinnati took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Phillips . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Phillips ' two - out , two - run single . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Reds have won six of their last seven games and have won eight of their last 10 games against the Diamondbacks . Paul Janish hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Johnson hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Daniel Hudson ( 4 - 2 ) , who allowed three runs and nine hits in seven innings . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out one and did not walk a batter . Brad Lidge pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Mets have lost six of seven . Reyes led off the third	True
The Mets have lost six of seven . Reyes led off the third with a drive to right - center for his 12th homer of the season and second	False
Reyes led off the third with a drive to right - center for his 12th homer of the season and second in two games . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Carlos Ruiz 's two - out RBI single . Placido Polanco 's RBI single made it 2 - 1 in the fifth	True
Shoppach hit a solo homer off Brian Matusz ( 4 - 12 ) in the third inning to give Tampa Bay a 5 - 3 lead . Shoppach added a solo homer in the eighth	True
Adam Jones hit a three - run homer and Willy Aybar had three hits for the Rays , who have won four of five . Tampa Bay went ahead 5 - 3 in the fourth	True
He walked two and struck out two . Tampa Bay 's Matt Joyce extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with a single in the first	True
Danys Baez ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Jonathan Broxton ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and one hit in one - third	True
Jonathan Broxton ( 4 - 4 ) gave up four runs , three earned , and one hit in one - third of an inning . Jayson Werth hit a two - run single and Wilson Valdez had an RBI single in the eighth	True
Jayson Werth hit a two - run single and Wilson Valdez had an RBI single in the eighth for the Dodgers . Ben Francisco 's RBI double and Casey Blake 's pinch - hit RBI single made it 9 - 10 in the ninth	True
Ben Francisco 's RBI double and Casey Blake 's pinch - hit RBI single made it 9 - 10 in the ninth . Carlos Ruiz had three hits , including a two - run double in the ninth	True
Ronnie Belliard had a run - scoring single and Kemp followed with a run - scoring single to make it 3 - 0 . The Phillies jumped ahead 3 - 0 in the first	True
The Phillies jumped ahead 3 - 0 in the first on a run - scoring single by James Loney and a run - scoring single by Jamey Carroll . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
Los Angeles cut it to 3 - 2 in the bottom half on Carroll 's RBI single . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
Kevin Correia ( 9 - 7 ) allowed four runs and four hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out seven and walked one . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Chris Denorfia led off with a single , stole second	False
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Chris Denorfia led off with a single , stole second and scored on Yorvit Torrealba 's two - out single . The Pirates added three runs in the fifth	True
The Pirates added three runs in the fifth on RBI doubles by Gonzalez and Pedro Alvarez and a run - scoring groundout by Chris Snyder . The Pirates added three runs in the seventh	True
The Pirates added three runs in the seventh , including a two - run double by Ryan Doumit and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Chris Snyder that made it 7 - 4 . Chase Headley added a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the seventh	True
Pelfrey ( 11 - 6 ) allowed four hits , struck out four and walked one in seven innings . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth	True
James Loney followed with a run - scoring single to make it 3 - 0 , and Blake scored on a sacrifice fly by Matt Kemp . Blake Polanco had an RBI groundout and Theriot hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
Blake Polanco had an RBI groundout and Theriot hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth to make it 7 - 0 . Blake Polanco hit a two - run homer off David Herndon in the seventh	True
Blake Polanco hit a two - run homer off David Herndon in the seventh to make it 13 - 7 . Brown hit a two - run shot off Ronald Belisario in the ninth	True
Brown hit a two - run shot off Ronald Belisario in the ninth to make it 13 - 7 . Brown hit a two - run shot off Ronald Belisario in the ninth	False
Brown hit a two - run shot off Ronald Belisario in the ninth to make it 13 - 7 . Brown hit a two - run homer off Ronald Belisario in the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Detroit tied it in the bottom of the inning on Damon 's two - out RBI double . The Tigers tied it at 1 in the bottom of the inning when Brandon Inge walked , stole second	False
Detroit tied it in the bottom of the inning on Damon 's two - out RBI double . The Tigers tied it at 1 in the bottom of the inning when Brandon Inge walked , stole second , went to third	False
Detroit tied it in the bottom of the inning on Rhymes ' two - out RBI single . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Rhymes ' RBI double in the fifth made it 3 - 1 , and Avila 's two - run single gave the Tigers a 5 - 3 lead . Don Kelly 's RBI single in the sixth made it 6 - 3 , and Damon added a two - run single in the eighth	False
He struck out five and walked two . The Royals had runners on first	False
He struck out five and walked two . The Royals had runners on first and second	False
He struck out five and walked two . The Royals had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
The Royals had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Vargas got Russell Branyan to ground into an inning - ending double play . Jamey Wright worked the eighth	True
The Royals had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Vargas got Russell Branyan to ground into an inning - ending double play . Jamey Wright worked the eighth and Brandon League pitched the eighth	False
Jamey Wright worked the eighth and Brandon League pitched the eighth . Brandon League pitched the eighth	True
Jamey Wright worked the eighth and Brandon League pitched the eighth . Brandon League pitched the eighth and David Aardsma gave up a solo homer to Alex Gordon in the ninth	True
It was his 20th of the season . It was his 20th career pinch - hit homer and second	False
BALTIMORE -- The Chicago White Sox needed a strong outing from Kevin Millwood and a solid outing from Gavin Floyd to beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 2 Wednesday night . Kevin Millwood allowed one run and four hits in six innings , and J. J. Putz pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Carlos Quentin hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Carlos Quentin hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the third	True
Nick Markakis led off with a double and scored on a single by Ty Wigginton . The Orioles took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
Alexei Ramirez drew a one - out walk and scored on a single by Ty Wigginton , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Jones homered in the fourth	True
In the bottom half , the White Sox loaded the bases with no outs on a double by Felix Pie , a walk to Luke Scott and a double by A. J. Pierzynski . The White Sox tied it in the seventh	True
Juan Pierre led off with a double and scored on a single by Alex Rios , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . The White Sox tied it in the eighth	True
He struck out 11 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Jeff Francoeur homered off Santana in the seventh	True
It was the first homer allowed by Hamels this season . Francoeur homered off Chad Durbin in the seventh	True
It was the first homer allowed by Hamels this season . Francoeur homered off Chad Durbin in the seventh	True
It was the first homer allowed by Hamels this season . Francoeur hit a solo shot in the seventh	True
He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Gordon Beckham hit a solo homer in the third	True
Chicago tied it in the bottom half on Adam Jones ' RBI single . The White Sox had runners on first	False
Chicago tied it in the bottom half on Adam Jones ' RBI single . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
Chicago tied it in the bottom half on Adam Jones ' RBI single . The White Sox had runners on first and second with two outs in the eighth	True
The White Sox had runners on first and second with two outs in the eighth , but Koji Uehara struck out Juan Pierre to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with two outs in the eighth , but Koji Uehara struck out Juan Pierre to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with two outs in the eighth , but Koji Uehara struck out Juan Pierre to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	False
Joe Blanton gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings for the Phillies , who have won five of six . Joe Hessman hit a three - run homer in the ninth	True
Mets starter Joe Blanton gave up two runs and seven hits in seven innings . Chad Durbin ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Parnell ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs and four hits in two - thirds of an inning . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jose Reyes ' RBI single . The Mets tied it at 1 in the third	True
The Mets tied it at 1 in the third on a two - out RBI single by Josh Thole . The Mets tied it at 1 in the third	False
The Mets tied it at 1 in the third on a two - out RBI single by Jose Reyes . The Mets tied it at 1 in the third	False
The Mets tied it at 1 in the third on Polanco 's sacrifice fly . The Mets tied it at 1 in the third	False
The Mets tied it at 1 in the third on a two - out RBI single by Josh Thole . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Jose Reyes . The Mets tied it in the third	True
Enright ( 3 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings , striking out three and walking two . He also hit a run - scoring single in the fourth	True
Enright ( 3 - 2 ) gave up two runs and six hits in six innings , striking out three and walking two . He also hit a run - scoring single in the fourth , and the Diamondbacks scored three runs in the fifth	True
The Diamondbacks scored a run in the second inning on a throwing error by third baseman Willie Harris . Rusty Ryal had an RBI single in the fourth	True
The Diamondbacks scored a run in the second inning on a throwing error by third baseman Willie Harris . Rusty Ryal had an RBI single in the fourth and Stephen Drew had an RBI single in the fourth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Vicente Padilla pitched a two - hitter for his first career shutout and the Dodgers beat the San Diego Padres 9 - 0 on Tuesday night . Padilla ( 5 - 3 ) struck out nine and walked two in his second career shutout and second	False
Padilla ( 5 - 3 ) struck out nine and walked two in his second career shutout and second this season . The right - hander struck out nine and walked two in his second career shutout and second	False
The right - hander struck out nine and walked two in his second career shutout and second this season . The right - hander struck out a season - high nine and walked two in his second career shutout and second	False
The right - hander struck out a season - high nine and walked two in his second career shutout and second this season . Andre Ethier hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 9.00 ERA in four starts against the Dodgers this season . Scott Podsednik hit a two - run single in the second	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 9.00 ERA in four starts against the Dodgers this season . Scott Podsednik hit a two - run single in the second , and Jamey Carroll had an RBI single in the third	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 9.00 ERA in four starts against the Dodgers this season . Scott Podsednik hit a two - run single in the second , and Jamey Carroll had an RBI single in the third , and Ronnie Belliard added an RBI double in the third	True
PHOENIX -- Adam Dunn hit a pair of two - run homers , Craig Stammen pitched into the sixth inning and the Washington Nationals beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring single in the seventh	True
Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring single in the seventh . Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring single in the seventh	False
Craig Stammen ( 4 - 4 ) gave up one run and six hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the fourth	True
Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the fourth . He added a run - scoring single in the seventh	True
Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the fourth . He added a run - scoring single in the seventh and a run - scoring single in the seventh	True
He added a run - scoring single in the seventh and a run - scoring single in the seventh . Adam LaRoche added a solo homer in the eighth	False
He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first inning , then added a solo shot in the fourth	True
Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first inning , then added a solo shot in the fourth to make it 4 - 1 . Adam Kennedy added an RBI double in the seventh	True
Adam Kennedy added an RBI double in the seventh to make it 6 - 1 . Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added an RBI single in the seventh	False
Dunn hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added an RBI single in the seventh . He had a two - run homer in the first inning and a run - scoring single in the seventh	False
He had a two - run homer in the first inning and a run - scoring single in the seventh . Michael Morse added a solo homer in the eighth	False
Sanchez hit a two - run double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Sanchez to make it 6 - 1 . Johnson had a two - run double in the seventh	True
Sanchez hit a two - run double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Sanchez to make it 6 - 1 . Johnson had a two - run double in the seventh and Sanchez had a run - scoring single in the eighth	True
Johnson had a two - run double in the seventh and Sanchez had a run - scoring single in the eighth to make it 14 - 4 . Sanchez had a two - run triple in the seventh	True
Johnson had a two - run double in the seventh and Sanchez had a run - scoring single in the eighth to make it 14 - 4 . Sanchez had a two - run triple in the seventh and a run - scoring single in the eighth	False
Sanchez had a two - run triple in the seventh and a run - scoring single in the eighth . He had an RBI single in the eighth	False
Sanchez had a two - run triple in the seventh and a run - scoring single in the eighth . He had an RBI single in the eighth and a run - scoring single in the eighth	False
Gordon hit a solo home run in the second inning and the Kansas City Royals beat the Oakland Athletics 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Gordon hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked two . Joakim Soria pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked five and struck out six . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The A 's tied it in the bottom half on Gregor Blanco 's RBI fielder 's choice . Gregor Blanco hit an RBI grounder off Craig Breslow ( 4 - 3 ) to give the Royals a 3 - 2 lead in the ninth	True
Gregor Blanco hit an RBI grounder off Craig Breslow ( 4 - 3 ) to give the Royals a 3 - 2 lead in the ninth . Jesse Chavez ( 4 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Joakim Soria worked a perfect ninth	True
Jesse Chavez ( 4 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Joakim Soria worked a perfect ninth for his 30th save in 32 chances . The A 's took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
Wainwright is the first Cardinals pitcher to win his first nine starts in a season since Jack Morris in 2005 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau . Albert Pujols hit a two - run homer off Zach Duke ( 5 - 10 ) in the fifth	True
Ryan Tabata led off with a double and scored on Ronny Cedeno 's single to center . The Cardinals tied it in the third	True
He struck out none and walked none . The A 's added three runs in the fifth	True
The A 's added three runs in the fifth on a two - run single by Mark Ellis and a two - run single by Jack Cust . Cliff Pennington added a solo homer in the eighth	True
The A 's added three runs in the fifth on a two - run single by Mark Ellis and a two - run single by Jack Cust . Cliff Pennington added a solo homer in the eighth and Greg Halman added an RBI fielder 's choice in the eighth	True
He struck out eight and walked five . Vin Mazzaro gave up a run in the eighth	True
He struck out eight and walked five . Vin Mazzaro gave up a run in the eighth and Anthony Varvaro gave up an RBI single to Greg Halman in the eighth	True
Vin Mazzaro gave up a run in the eighth and Anthony Varvaro gave up an RBI single to Greg Halman in the eighth . Carter hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Figueroa ( 6 - 4 ) allowed six hits , struck out five and walked three in 6 2/3 innings to help the Astros snap a three - game losing streak . Brandon Lyon pitched the ninth	True
The Dodgers have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . Ramon Troncoso ( 2 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win , and Ronald Belisario gave up a run in the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out one . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He walked three and struck out one . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Todd Helton , but the Rockies responded with four runs in the third	True
James Loney drew a bases - loaded walk and Todd Helton followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 6 - 2 . Kemp hit a three - run homer in the third	True
It was the first grand slam of the season for Kemp , who hit a three - run homer in the first inning of the Rockies ' 3 - 2 win over the Rockies on Friday night . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Tulowitzki led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Todd Helton . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Chin-lung Hu hit a sacrifice fly . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a bases - loaded walk to Todd Helton , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
Kenley Jansen got four outs for his third save in three chances . He gave up a two - run homer to Dexter Fowler in the bottom of the ninth	True
Kenley Jansen got four outs for his third save in three chances . He gave up a two - run homer to Dexter Fowler in the bottom of the ninth , then retired the side in order in the ninth	True
Dexter Fowler had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Rafael Furcal had two hits and drove in two runs for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Colorado took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Matt Kemp and a run - scoring single by Carlos Gonzalez . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Chris Nelson led off with a double and scored on Rafael Furcal 's triple to the left - field corner . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
He walked four and struck out six . Los Angeles starter Joe Beimel retired the only batter he faced in the eighth	True
Los Angeles starter Joe Beimel retired the only batter he faced in the eighth . Hong-Chih Kuo pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Marlins scored two runs in the third	True
Ryan Braun hit a two - out , two - run single and Braun followed with a two - run single to give Milwaukee a 2 - 0 lead . The Brewers added a run in the fifth	True
The Brewers added a run in the fifth on an RBI single by Prince Fielder and a run - scoring single by Ozzie Mendez . Rickie Weeks added a run - scoring single in the eighth	True
The Brewers added a run in the fifth on an RBI single by Prince Fielder and a run - scoring single by Ozzie Mendez . Rickie Weeks added a run - scoring single in the eighth and pinch - hitter Joe Inglett had an RBI triple in the eighth	False
Jeremy Jeffress ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win , and Burke Badenhop gave up two runs in two innings . The Marlins scored twice in the fifth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Marlins added a run in the seventh	True
He walked none and struck out one . Lowrie hit a three - run double in the second inning and a two - run double in the fourth	True
Lowrie hit a three - run double in the second inning and a two - run double in the fourth to give the Red Sox a 7 - 1 lead . Lowrie went 4 - for - 4 with a two - run double in the fourth	True
Lowrie hit a three - run double in the second inning and a two - run double in the fourth to give the Red Sox a 7 - 1 lead . Lowrie went 4 - for - 4 with a two - run double in the fourth , a two - run double in the fourth	True
Lowrie hit a three - run double in the second inning and a two - run double in the fourth to give the Red Sox a 7 - 1 lead . Lowrie went 4 - for - 4 with a two - run double in the fourth , a two - run double in the fourth and a three - run homer in the fifth	False
Lowrie went 4 - for - 4 with a two - run double in the fourth , a two - run double in the fourth and a three - run homer in the fifth . He had a two - run double in the fourth	True
Lowrie went 4 - for - 4 with a two - run double in the fourth , a two - run double in the fourth and a three - run homer in the fifth . He had a two - run double in the fourth , a two - run double in the fourth	False
Lowrie went 4 - for - 4 with a two - run double in the fourth , a two - run double in the fourth and a three - run homer in the fifth . He had a two - run double in the fourth , a two - run double in the fourth and a three - run homer in the fifth	False
He struck out five and walked two . Rodriguez hit a two - run homer off Scott Atchison in the seventh	True
He struck out five and walked two . Rodriguez hit a two - run homer off Scott Atchison in the seventh , and Swisher connected in the seventh	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts , and has given up 18 earned runs over his last three starts . The Yankees scored three times in the fourth	True
Marco Scutaro hit a two - run single and Darnell McDonald followed with a two - run double to make it 7 - 1 . Curtis Granderson hit a solo homer in the third	True
He walked three and struck out six . Marcus Burnett ( 4 - 3 ) gave up a two - run homer to Marcus Thames in the second inning and a two - run single to Carl Crawford in the sixth	True
Marcus Burnett ( 4 - 3 ) gave up a two - run homer to Marcus Thames in the second inning and a two - run single to Carl Crawford in the sixth . The right - hander was lifted for a pinch hitter in the sixth	True
The right - hander was lifted for a pinch hitter in the sixth after giving up a two - run double to Willy Aybar and a bases - loaded walk to Sean Rodriguez . The Rays took a 4 - 3 lead in the sixth	True
The Rays took a 4 - 3 lead in the sixth on a run - scoring single by Rocco Baldelli and a run - scoring single by Nick Swisher . Kelly Shoppach drew a bases - loaded walk from Joba Chamberlain in the seventh	True
Kelly Shoppach drew a bases - loaded walk from Joba Chamberlain in the seventh to make it 10 - 3 . Kelly Shoppach drew a bases - loaded walk in the seventh	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last five starts . The Yankees scored three times in the sixth	True
Willy Aybar hit an RBI single and Upton added a two - run single off Javier Vazquez to make it 8 - 3 . Upton hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Thames connected in the second	True
Morse 's two - out , two - run double in the sixth gave the Nationals a 5 - 2 lead . Espinosa hit a two - run homer off Gustavo Chacin in the seventh	True
Espinosa hit a two - run homer off Gustavo Chacin in the seventh to make it 7 - 2 . Bernadina hit a two - run homer off Gustavo Chacin in the sixth	True
MINNEAPOLIS -- The Minnesota Twins have been waiting for Jim Thome to come off the disabled list . Jim Thome hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the sixth	True
Thome hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the second inning to give the Twins a 1 - 0 lead . Jim Perkins ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Thome hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the second inning to give the Twins a 1 - 0 lead . Jim Perkins ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win , and Matt Capps pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . The Indians scored a pair of runs in the sixth	True
Travis Hafner hit an RBI double and scored on Drew Sutton 's single to make it 2 - 1 . Thome led off the bottom of the second	True
Travis Hafner hit an RBI double and scored on Drew Sutton 's single to make it 2 - 1 . Thome led off the bottom of the second with his 17th homer of the season and second	False
Thome led off the bottom of the second with his 17th homer of the season and second in two games . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He walked one and struck out two . Wells hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He walked one and struck out two . Wells hit a two - run homer in the first , and Encarnacion hit a solo shot in the second	True
It was the second time this season the Blue Jays have hit back - to - back home runs . Wells hit a two - run shot off Luke Downs in the bottom of the first	True
It was the second time this season the Blue Jays have hit back - to - back home runs . Wells hit a two - run shot off Luke Downs in the bottom of the first , his 12th	False
Wells hit a two - run shot off Luke Downs in the bottom of the first , his 12th . Encarnacion led off the second	True
Wells hit a two - run shot off Luke Downs in the bottom of the first , his 12th . Encarnacion led off the second with a drive into the second deck in left , his 12th	False
Encarnacion led off the second with a drive into the second deck in left , his 12th . The Blue Jays tied it in the fifth	True
The Blue Jays tied it in the fifth on a two - out , two - run single by Jose Lopez . The Blue Jays cut it to 5 - 2 in the fifth	True
The Blue Jays cut it to 5 - 2 in the fifth on a two - out , two - run homer by Wells , who was activated from the 15 - day disabled list before the game . The Blue Jays cut it to 5 - 3 on Chone Figgins ' RBI single in the ninth	True
The Blue Jays cut it to 5 - 3 on Chone Figgins ' RBI single in the ninth . Kevin Gregg gave up a run - scoring single to Chone Figgins in the ninth	True
David Hernandez ( 8 - 8 ) gave up one run and one hit in two innings . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth	True
Baltimore starter Brian Matusz gave up one run and three hits in five innings , striking out four and walking three . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Victor Martinez . Baltimore tied it in the fourth	True
Baltimore tied it in the fourth when Brian Roberts led off with a walk and scored on Luke Scott 's sacrifice fly . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Nick Markakis . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth	True
The Red Sox tied it in the fourth on an RBI single by Scott and a sacrifice fly by Victor Wigginton . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Luke Scott . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Victor Hall . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Martinez . The Red Sox tied it in the fourth	True
The Red Sox tied it in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Scott and a run - scoring single by Martinez . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Betancourt had a career - high four hits , including a three - run homer , and Alex Avila added a solo shot in the eighth inning to lift the Tigers to a 7 - 5 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Betancourt had four hits , including a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Betancourt had four hits , including a three - run homer in the fifth that gave the Tigers a 6 - 5 lead . Betancourt had four hits , including a three - run homer in the fifth	False
Betancourt had four hits , including a three - run homer in the fifth that put Detroit ahead 6 - 5 . Will Rhymes hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
He walked two and struck out three . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out two and walked none . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out two and walked none . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ramon Santiago 's RBI single , but the Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	False
The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Angels on April 8 . The Angels ' bullpen gave up three runs in the seventh	True
The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Angels on April 8 . The Angels ' bullpen gave up three runs in the seventh , including Chris Davis ' pinch - hit homer in the eighth	True
The Angels ' bullpen gave up three runs in the seventh , including Chris Davis ' pinch - hit homer in the eighth . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
David Murphy had a career - high five hits for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Texas took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Texas took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Howie Kendrick . The Angels tied it in the fourth	True
The Angels tied it in the fourth on an RBI single by Jeff Mathis and a run - scoring single by Nelson Cruz . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Brandon Wood 's two - out RBI single . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Brandon Wood 's two - out RBI single . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Matt Treanor walked , stole second	False
The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Matt Treanor walked , stole second and scored on a single by Bobby Abreu . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
He struck out eight and walked one . Scott Sizemore hit a pinch - hit , three - run homer off Sergio Santos ( 2 - 1 ) in the eighth	True
Ryan Raburn had a two - run single in the first inning for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The White Sox had a chance to score in the eighth	True
Ryan Raburn had a two - run single in the first inning for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . The White Sox had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - runner Gerald Laird was thrown out at the plate trying to score from first	False
The White Sox had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - runner Gerald Laird was thrown out at the plate trying to score from first on Austin Jackson 's single . The White Sox had runners on first	False
The White Sox had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - runner Gerald Laird was thrown out at the plate trying to score from first on Austin Jackson 's single . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
The White Sox had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - runner Gerald Laird was thrown out at the plate trying to score from first on Austin Jackson 's single . The White Sox had runners on first and second with no outs in the eighth	True
Kendrick ( 10 - 9 ) allowed two runs and six hits , striking out three and walking one . Ryan Madson worked around two walks in the eighth	True
Ryan Madson worked around two walks in the eighth and Brad Lidge finished for his 23rd save in 26 chances . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Ian Desmond 's RBI triple in the first gave Washington a 1 - 0 lead . Werth tied it in the bottom of the second	True
He walked one and struck out three . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Ian Desmond and a run - scoring double by Wilson Valdez . Ibanez hit a solo homer in the third	True
Ibanez hit a solo homer in the third to give the Phillies a 5 - 1 lead . It was Ibanez 's 11th homer of the season and second	False
It was Ibanez 's 11th homer of the season and second in two games . Howard hit a two - run shot to right in the third	True
Howard hit a two - run shot to right in the third to give the Phillies a 5 - 1 lead . It was Howard 's 11th homer of the season and second	False
It was Howard 's 11th homer of the season and second in two games . Werth tied it at 1 in the second	True
Ryan Ludwick hit a go - ahead three - run homer in the ninth inning , and the Padres beat the St. Louis Cardinals 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Ryan Ludwick hit a three - run homer off Kyle McClellan ( 1 - 4 ) in the ninth	True
Ryan Ludwick hit a three - run homer off Kyle McClellan ( 1 - 4 ) in the ninth to give the Padres a 7 - 4 lead . Mike Adams ( 4 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win and Heath Bell pitched a 1 - 2 - 3 eighth	True
He struck out three and walked one . The Cardinals tied it at 1 in the fifth	True
He walked three and struck out three . The Cardinals tied it at 1 in the fifth	True
The Cardinals tied it at 1 in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Venable , who had three hits . The Cardinals tied it in the seventh	True
The Cardinals tied it in the seventh on an RBI single by Miguel Tejada and a run - scoring single by Colby Rasmus . The Cardinals tied it at 1 in the fifth	True
Pujols had three hits and drove in a career - high five runs , and Matt Holliday and Miguel Tejada homered for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Molina had a two - run single in the second	True
Pujols had three hits and drove in a career - high five runs , and Matt Holliday and Miguel Tejada homered for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Molina had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second	True
Molina had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had a two - run single in the second	True
Molina had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second	False
He had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had an RBI double in the fourth	True
He had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had an RBI double in the fourth and a two - run single in the sixth	False
He had an RBI double in the fourth and a two - run single in the sixth . Molina had a two - run single in the second	True
He had an RBI double in the fourth and a two - run single in the sixth . Molina had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second	True
Molina had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had a two - run single in the second	True
Molina had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second	False
He had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had a run - scoring double in the fourth	True
He had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had a run - scoring double in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the eighth	False
He had a run - scoring double in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the eighth . Molina had a two - run single in the second	True
He had a run - scoring double in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the eighth . Molina had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second	True
Molina had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had a two - run single in the second	True
Molina had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second	False
He had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had a run - scoring double in the fourth	True
He had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had a run - scoring double in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the eighth	False
He had a run - scoring double in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the eighth . Molina had a two - run single in the second	True
He had a run - scoring double in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the eighth . Molina had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second	True
Molina had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had a two - run single in the second	True
Molina had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second	False
He had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had a run - scoring double in the fourth	True
He had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . He had a run - scoring double in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the eighth	False
He had a run - scoring double in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the eighth . Chase Headley hit a solo homer in the ninth	False
The Yankees have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Yankees in the AL East . Rodriguez hit a solo homer in the second inning and a three - run drive in the ninth	True
It was the second straight loss for the right - hander ( 1 - 2 ) , who gave up three runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . David Robertson ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
David Robertson ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth	True
The right - hander struck out five and walked one . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The right - hander struck out six , walked four and hit a batter . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third	True
He struck out three and walked three . Andrew Cashner got the final out in the eighth	True
He struck out three and walked three . Andrew Cashner got the final out in the eighth and Sean Marshall got two outs in the eighth	False
Andrew Cashner got the final out in the eighth and Sean Marshall got two outs in the eighth . Sean Marshall got the final two outs in the eighth	False
Andrew Cashner got the final out in the eighth and Sean Marshall got two outs in the eighth . Sean Marshall got the final two outs in the eighth and Carlos Marmol worked the ninth	False
The Marlins have lost four of five . Geovany Soto hit a two - out double in the second	True
Andrew Cashner came on and struck out pinch - hitter Wes Helms to end the inning . The Marlins had runners on first	False
Andrew Cashner came on and struck out pinch - hitter Wes Helms to end the inning . The Marlins had runners on first and second	False
Andrew Cashner came on and struck out pinch - hitter Wes Helms to end the inning . The Marlins had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last five starts . Kelly Johnson had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the fifth	True
Kelly Johnson had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the fifth that gave the D-backs a 1 - 0 lead . Gerardo Parra had two hits , including a run - scoring double in the fifth	True
Jonny Gomes ' RBI double in the first tied it at 1 . Stephen Drew singled in a run in the fifth	True
He struck out four and walked two . Ryan Kalish had an RBI triple in the eighth	True
Alex Rodriguez and Willy Aybar also homered for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Posada 's pinch - hit homer off Dan Wheeler ( 2 - 3 ) gave the Yankees a 7 - 7 lead in the ninth	True
Posada 's pinch - hit homer off Dan Wheeler ( 2 - 3 ) gave the Yankees a 7 - 7 lead in the ninth . It was the first pinch - hit homer of the season for Posada , who hit a two - run shot off Boone Logan in the ninth	True
It was the first pinch - hit homer of the season for Posada , who hit a two - run shot in the ninth inning of New York 's 3 - 2 win over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . David Robertson ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
David Robertson ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Mariano Rivera worked the 10th	True
Alex Rodriguez homered and drove in two runs for the Rays , who have won four of five . Cano had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third	True
Cano had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third that gave the Yankees a 4 - 0 lead . Cano had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third	False
It was the first time the Yankees had scored at least 10 runs in a game this season . Tampa Bay took a 6 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Tampa Bay took a 6 - 0 lead in the fifth on a run - scoring single by John Jaso and a run - scoring single by Francisco Cervelli . The Rays took a 6 - 0 lead in the fifth	False
DENVER -- The San Diego Padres have been waiting for a long time to find a way to win . Troy Tulowitzki hit a three - run homer , Ernesto Frieri ( 1 - 1 ) got the win and Heath Bell pitched the ninth	True
Bell ( 1 - 1 ) retired the only batter he faced to earn the win . Bell pitched the ninth	True
The Padres have won four straight and eight of 10 . Tejada hit a two - run homer off Jeff Francis ( 4 - 5 ) in the first inning and added a two - run single in the fifth	True
Tejada hit a two - run homer off Jeff Francis ( 4 - 5 ) in the first inning and added a two - run single in the fifth to give the Padres a 4 - 0 lead . Tejada hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Tejada hit a two - run homer off Jeff Francis ( 4 - 5 ) in the first inning and added a two - run single in the fifth to give the Padres a 4 - 0 lead . Tejada hit a two - run homer in the first and Tejada added a two - run single in the fifth	True
Tejada hit a two - run homer in the first and Tejada added a two - run single in the fifth to give the Padres a 4 - 0 lead . Tejada hit a two - run homer in the first	False
Tejada hit a two - run homer in the first and Tejada added a two - run single in the fifth to give the Padres a 4 - 0 lead . Tejada hit a two - run homer in the first and Tejada added a two - run single in the fifth	False
Tejada hit a two - run homer in the first and Tejada added a two - run single in the fifth to help the Padres take a 5 - 0 lead . The Rockies took a 4 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Tejada 's two - run single and a two - run single by Tejada . The Rockies added two more runs in the fifth	True
CINCINNATI -- Andrew McCutchen 's three - run double in the ninth inning gave the Pittsburgh Pirates a 3 - 1 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Friday night . McCutchen 's three - run double off Francisco Cordero ( 6 - 5 ) gave the Pirates a 3 - 1 lead in the ninth	True
McCutchen 's three - run double off Joel Hanrahan scored Garrett Jones and Lastings Milledge and pinch - hitter Jose Tabata . McCutchen 's three - run double off Joel Hanrahan made it 3 - 1 in the ninth	True
McCutchen 's three - run double off Joel Hanrahan made it 3 - 1 in the ninth . Chan Ho Park ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Chan Ho Park ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Joel Hanrahan pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked none . Peter Moylan ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless sixth	True
Peter Moylan ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless sixth to earn the win . Billy Wagner pitched a perfect ninth	True
Billy Wagner pitched a perfect ninth for his 33rd save in 36 chances . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Holliday 's two - run homer , but the Cardinals tied it in the bottom half on Holliday 's two - out , two - run homer . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Brendan Ryan led off with a double and scored on Holliday 's two - out single . Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
San Diego 's Adrian Gonzalez had two hits and drove in a run . Rafael Furcal had an RBI single in the sixth	True
The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 5.87 ERA in his first five starts this season . Mendez retired the first two batters in the ninth	True
Mendez retired the first two batters in the ninth before Hanley Ramirez grounded into a double play . Hanley Ramirez was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded and one out in the ninth	True
Hanley Ramirez was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded and one out in the ninth , and Jayson Werth followed with a run - scoring single . Giancarlo Stanton hit a two - run homer off Vance Worley ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth	True
Giancarlo Stanton hit a two - run homer off Vance Worley ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth to make it 4 - 0 . Uggla had three hits , including a two - run double in the ninth	True
Uggla had three hits , including a two - run double in the ninth . Mike Stanton hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Stanton hit a two - run homer off Chad Durbin in the eighth	True
Stanton hit a two - run homer off Chad Durbin in the eighth to make it 4 - 0 . Stanton hit a two - run homer off Chad Durbin in the eighth	False
Stanton hit a two - run homer off Chad Durbin in the eighth to give the Marlins a 4 - 0 lead . Stanton hit a two - run homer off Chad Durbin in the eighth	False
The Red Sox scored three runs in the first inning off Jeff Niemann ( 10 - 6 ) , who gave up six runs and four hits in 1 2/3 innings . The Red Sox scored three runs in the first	True
The Red Sox scored three runs in the first inning off Jeff Niemann ( 10 - 6 ) , who gave up six runs and four hits in 1 2/3 innings . The Red Sox scored three runs in the first , including a two - run homer by Adrian Beltre , and a two - run single by Victor Martinez in the second	True
The Red Sox scored three runs in the first , including a two - run homer by Adrian Beltre , and a two - run single by Victor Martinez in the second . Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the first	True
The Red Sox scored three runs in the first , including a two - run homer by Adrian Beltre , and a two - run single by Victor Martinez in the second . Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the first and a run - scoring double in the second	False
Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the first and a run - scoring double in the second . The Red Sox scored three runs in the first	True
The Red Sox scored three runs in the first , including a two - run homer by Ryan Kalish , and a two - run single by Victor Martinez . The Red Sox scored two runs in the seventh	True
The Red Sox scored three runs in the first inning off Jeff Niemann ( 10 - 6 ) , who gave up six runs and four hits in 1 2/3 innings . The Red Sox scored three runs in the first	True
The Red Sox scored three runs in the first inning off Jeff Niemann ( 10 - 6 ) , who gave up six runs and four hits in 1 2/3 innings . The Red Sox scored three runs in the first , including a two - run homer by David Ortiz , and a two - run single by Carl Crawford in the second	True
The Red Sox scored three runs in the first , including a two - run homer by David Ortiz , and a two - run single by Carl Crawford in the second . Kalish hit a three - run homer in the fourth	True
The Red Sox scored three runs in the first , including a two - run homer by David Ortiz , and a two - run single by Carl Crawford in the second . Kalish hit a three - run homer in the fourth to make it 11 - 2 , and the Red Sox added three more in the seventh	True
Thames hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the New York Yankees rallied to beat the Toronto Blue Jays 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Marcus Thames hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Marcus Thames hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Marcus Thames hit a two - run homer in the seventh	False
Joba Chamberlain ( 2 - 4 ) pitched a perfect seventh inning for the win . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth	True
Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his 29th save in 32 chances . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Blue Jays took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run single by Robinson Cano and a two - run homer by Lyle Overbay . John McDonald hit a two - run homer in the second	True
He walked three and struck out one . The Blue Jays took a 5 - 3 lead in the fifth	True
The Blue Jays took a 5 - 3 lead in the fifth on Overbay 's two - run double and Brett Gardner 's RBI groundout . The Blue Jays tied it at 5 in the fifth	True
The Blue Jays tied it at 5 in the fifth on a two - run single by Francisco Cervelli and a two - run single by Robinson Cano . The Blue Jays tied it in the fifth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.89 ERA in his last four starts . David Aardsma pitched the ninth	True
Brian McCann had three hits , including a solo homer , for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Atlanta 's David Wright hit a solo homer off Santana in the sixth	True
Atlanta 's David Wright hit a solo homer off Santana in the sixth to make it 3 - 1 . Carlos Beltran had a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the seventh	True
Carlos Beltran had a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the seventh . Hisanori Takahashi pitched the ninth	True
Hisanori Takahashi pitched the ninth for his third save in five chances . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Joaquin Arias ' run - scoring single . Joaquin Arias ' RBI single made it 2 - 0 in the first	True
McCann led off the second inning with his 21st homer to make it 2 - 1 . The Mets added a run in the seventh	True
The Mets added a run in the seventh on Carlos Beltran 's fielder 's choice grounder and Luis Castillo scored on a wild pitch by Eric O'Flaherty . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Wright and a run - scoring single by Joaquin Arias . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
Jayson Werth had three hits , including a solo homer , and Carlos Gonzalez also went deep for the Phillies , who have won five of six . Utley hit a three - run homer off Joe Beimel in the seventh	True
Jayson Werth had three hits , including a solo homer , and Carlos Gonzalez also went deep for the Phillies , who have won five of six . Utley hit a three - run homer off Joe Beimel in the seventh to make it 12 - 7 , and Troy Tulowitzki had a run - scoring grounder in the ninth	True
Antonio Bastardo ( 1 - 0 ) pitched one inning for the win . Brad Lidge gave up an unearned run in the ninth	True
Gonzalez led off the bottom of the inning with his 16th homer of the season to make it 4 - 2 . Howard 's two - run shot made it 12 - 7 in the seventh	True
Danny Valencia hit a game - ending RBI single in the 10th inning to lift the Twins to a 2 - 1 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Michael Cuddyer led off the 10th	True
Danny Valencia hit a game - ending RBI single in the 10th inning to lift the Twins to a 2 - 1 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Michael Cuddyer led off the 10th with a single off Ryan Perry ( 2 - 5 ) and advanced to second	False
The right - hander , who signed a $ < unk > million , five - year contract with the Rangers in December , struck out seven and walked two . Ian Kinsler hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
It was the first homer allowed by Shields in five starts this season . Young hit a three - run shot off Shields in the fifth	True
Young hit a three - run shot off Shields in the fifth to make it 2 - 0 . Young hit his first homer of the season in the fourth	True
Kinsler 's two - out RBI single in the fifth made it 6 - 0 . Kinsler hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth	True
The right - hander was 0 - 2 in his previous four starts . Kenley Jansen struck out the side in the ninth	True
Kemp 's homer in the fifth gave the Dodgers a 2 - 0 lead . The Dodgers added a run in the sixth	True
The Dodgers added a run in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Reed Johnson and a sacrifice fly by Tony Abreu . Stephen Drew had a run - scoring single in the eighth	True
The Dodgers added a run in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Reed Johnson and a sacrifice fly by Tony Abreu . Stephen Drew had a run - scoring single in the eighth , and Tony Abreu drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Eric Patterson hit a two - out RBI single in the bottom half , and the Red Sox rallied for a 7 - 6 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . The Red Sox trailed 6 - 4 in the eighth	True
The Red Sox trailed 6 - 4 in the eighth before rallying against Ivan Nova ( 1 - 2 ) . Bill Hall led off the 10th	True
The Red Sox trailed 6 - 4 in the eighth before rallying against Ivan Nova ( 1 - 2 ) . Bill Hall led off the 10th with a single off Ivan Nova ( 1 - 2 ) and advanced to second	False
Bill Hall led off the 10th with a single off Ivan Nova ( 1 - 2 ) and advanced to second on a wild pitch . He advanced to third	False
Robert Manuel ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . The Red Sox took a 6 - 4 lead in the seventh	True
The Red Sox took a 6 - 4 lead in the seventh on a run - scoring single by Eric Patterson and a run - scoring single by Eric Patterson . The Red Sox tied it at 6 in the eighth	True
The Red Sox tied it at 6 in the eighth on an RBI single by Daniel Nava and a run - scoring single by Eric Patterson . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Ryan Ludwick also homered for San Diego , which has won four of five . Matt Stairs homered for the second straight game and Aaron Rowand hit a pinch - hit , two - run shot in the sixth	True
He struck out four and walked one . San Francisco scored four runs in the third	True
The Giants have lost six of seven . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer off Cain in the third	True
The Giants have lost six of seven . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer off Cain in the third , and Ludwick connected in the fourth	True
It was Ludwick 's third home run of the season . Gonzalez hit a three - run shot off Cain in the sixth	True
Carl Pavano allowed two runs -- one earned -- and nine hits in seven innings for the Twins , who have lost five of six . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on a run - scoring single by Joe Mauer and a run - scoring single by Jose Bautista . The Blue Jays tied it in the seventh	True
The Blue Jays tied it in the seventh on Lyle Overbay 's two - out single and Encarnacion 's two - out , three - run homer off Jesse Crain ( 1 - 1 ) . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
He struck out four and walked none . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth	True
Mariano Rivera worked the ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Adam Lind and a sacrifice fly by David Cooper . Yunel Escobar had a run - scoring triple and scored on Curtis Granderson 's two - out single in the second	True
He walked four and struck out four . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Blue Jays took a 3 - 1 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by David Cooper and a run - scoring single by Russell Martin . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 1 lead in the second	False
The Blue Jays took a 3 - 1 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by David Cooper and a run - scoring single by Eric Chavez . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 1 lead in the second	False
The Blue Jays took a 3 - 1 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Adam Lind and a sacrifice fly by David Cooper . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 1 lead in the second	False
The Blue Jays took a 3 - 1 lead in the second on an RBI single by Martin and a sacrifice fly by David Cooper . Toronto 's Juan Rivera extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with a single in the third	True
Blake Wood ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win . Joakim Soria worked a perfect ninth	True
He walked one and struck out two . Luke Hughes hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
He walked two and struck out one . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Jason Kubel led off with a double and scored on Danny Valencia 's two - out double . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	False
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Jason Kubel led off with a double and scored on Danny Valencia 's two - out double . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Melky Cabrera led off with a single , stole second	False
Pierzynski hit a two - run homer in the second inning off John Danks ( 0 - 4 ) , who gave up five runs and eight hits in six innings . Brian Roberts had a two - run double in the seventh	True
The White Sox scored three runs in the second inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Derrek Lee 's RBI single made it 3 - 2 , and Roberts hit a two - out , two - run double in the seventh	True
Derrek Lee 's RBI single made it 3 - 2 , and Roberts hit a two - out , two - run double in the seventh to make it 10 - 4 . The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Mark Reynolds and a run - scoring single by Juan Pierre . The White Sox tied it in the third	True
Nick Markakis drew a one - out walk and Wieters followed with a two - run double to make it 5 - 3 . Wieters added a two - run double in the seventh	True
He walked one and struck out three . The Mariners took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Mariners took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on Ichiro Suzuki 's RBI double and Chone Figgins ' run - scoring fielder 's choice . Seattle took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
Seattle took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Alex Avila and a run - scoring double by Justin Smoak . The Tigers tied it in the third	True
Rodriguez 's three - run homer off Ryan Perry in the eighth made it 7 - 2 . Rodriguez hit a three - run homer in the eighth	True
Rodriguez hit a three - run homer in the eighth to make it 7 - 2 . Rodriguez hit a three - run homer off Ryan Perry in the eighth	True
Rodriguez hit a three - run homer in the eighth to make it 7 - 2 . Rodriguez hit a three - run homer off Ryan Perry in the eighth , and Rodriguez added a three - run shot off Ryan Perry in the eighth	False
The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his previous five starts . The right - hander gave up a solo homer to Jeff Francoeur in the second inning and a solo shot to Mike Aviles in the second	True
Travis Hafner singled in a run and Cabrera followed with a three - run double to give the Indians a 4 - 0 lead . Francoeur led off the second	True
Travis Hafner singled in a run and Cabrera followed with a three - run double to give the Indians a 4 - 0 lead . Francoeur led off the second with a homer to right , his third	False
Francoeur led off the second with a homer to right , his third of the season . The Indians added a run in the third	True
The Indians added a run in the third on a sacrifice fly by Jack Hannahan . The Royals added a run in the third	False
Cody Moreland hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning , and the Texas Rangers rallied for a 7 - 6 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Cody Eppley ( 1 - 0 ) gave up a solo homer to Mitch Moreland in the seventh	True
He struck out two and walked three . Darren Oliver pitched the ninth	True
Dotel ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in 1 2/3 innings . Darren Oliver pitched the ninth	True
Darren Oliver pitched the ninth for his second save . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Jose Bautista 's two - run double and Adam Lind 's sacrifice fly . The Blue Jays took a 6 - 2 lead in the third	False
The Blue Jays took a 6 - 2 lead in the third on a two - run double by Nelson Cruz and a two - run double by Jose Bautista . The Blue Jays took a 6 - 2 lead in the third	False
The Blue Jays took a 6 - 2 lead in the third on a two - run double by Michael Young and a run - scoring single by Elvis Andrus . The Blue Jays took a 6 - 2 lead in the third	False
The Blue Jays took a 6 - 2 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Juan Rivera and a two - run double by Mike Napoli . The Blue Jays took a 6 - 2 lead in the third	False
The Blue Jays took a 6 - 2 lead in the third on a two - run double by Jose Bautista and a run - scoring single by Elvis Andrus . The Blue Jays took a 6 - 2 lead in the third	False
The Blue Jays took a 6 - 2 lead in the third on a two - run double by Nelson Cruz and a two - run double by Mike Napoli . The Blue Jays took a 6 - 2 lead in the third	False
Lind homered twice and drove in five runs , Jesse Litsch won for the first time in four starts and the Blue Jays beat the Texas Rangers 10 - 3 on Tuesday night . Lind hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth	True
Lind hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Blue Jays a 10 - 3 lead . Lind had three hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth	True
Lind had three hits , including a three - run homer in the fourth that made it 10 - 3 . Lind had three hits , including a three - run homer off Matt Harrison ( 3 - 2 ) in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays have lost seven of their last 10 games . Lind hit a three - run homer in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays have lost seven of their last 10 games . Lind hit a three - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the fourth	True
Lind hit a three - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the fourth to make it 10 - 3 . Lind hit a three - run homer in the fourth	False
Lind hit a three - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the fourth to make it 10 - 3 . Lind hit a three - run homer in the fourth and a three - run shot in the fourth	False
He struck out one , walked three and threw a wild pitch . The Blue Jays jumped on Harrison in the first	True
The Blue Jays jumped on Harrison in the first . Yunel Escobar led off with a single , stole second	False
Yunel Escobar led off with a single , stole second and scored on Travis Snider 's groundout . Lind 's homer in the third made it 10 - 3 , and he added a three - run homer in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays have won six of their last seven games . Jon Rauch pitched the ninth	True
Mike Dunn ( 1 - 0 ) retired the only batter he faced to get the win . Leo Nunez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Matt Belisle ( 2 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing three runs in two - thirds of an inning . Omar Infante hit a three - run triple in the fifth	True
Omar Infante hit a three - run triple in the fifth to give the Rockies a 3 - 0 lead . Omar Wigginton hit a two - out double in the sixth	True
Omar Wigginton hit a two - out double in the sixth and scored on Jonathan Herrera 's two - out double to make it 3 - 1 . Jonathan Herrera had a two - out RBI double in the sixth	True
Stanton 's homer off Clay Hensley in the eighth gave the Marlins a 6 - 3 lead . It was Stanton 's 19th homer of the season and second	False
Russell Martin hit a tiebreaking RBI single in the 11th inning , and the Yankees beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 3 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The Yankees scored three runs in the ninth	True
Russell Martin hit a tiebreaking RBI single in the 11th inning , and the Yankees beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 3 on Wednesday night to complete a three - game sweep . The Yankees scored three runs in the ninth off Jason Berken ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up three runs and four hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth	True
The Yankees scored three runs in the ninth off Jason Berken ( 0 - 1 ) , who gave up three runs and four hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Russell Martin led off the 11th	True
Curtis Granderson hit a two - run homer off Mariano Rivera , who blew a save for the third time in four tries this season . Mark Reynolds hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
The right - hander allowed three runs and five hits in six innings , struck out nine and walked three . The right - hander struck out the side in the first inning , then gave up three runs in the fifth	True
The right - hander struck out the side in the first inning , then gave up three runs in the fifth . Jeter led off with a single , stole second	False
Jeter led off with a single , stole second and scored on a fielder 's choice grounder by Alex Rodriguez . New York went up 3 - 0 in the fifth	True
Jeter led off with a single , stole second and scored on a fielder 's choice grounder by Alex Rodriguez . New York went up 3 - 0 in the fifth when Jeter led off with a single , stole second	False
He walked four and struck out three . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Austin Jackson led off with a double and scored on Magglio Ordonez 's groundout . Magglio Ordonez had an RBI grounder in the fourth	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Austin Jackson led off with a double and scored on Magglio Ordonez 's groundout . Magglio Ordonez had an RBI grounder in the fourth , and Jhonny Peralta added an RBI single in the sixth	True
Raburn 's sacrifice fly in the eighth made it 9 - 0 . Cabrera doubled in a run in the eighth	True
He walked four and struck out three . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He walked four and struck out three . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jay Bruce 's bases - loaded walk and Votto 's two - run homer in the fifth	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jay Bruce 's bases - loaded walk and Votto 's two - run homer in the fifth . Votto 's solo shot in the fifth cut it to 4 - 3 , but Johnson cut it to 4 - 3 with a solo homer in the fifth	False
He walked five and struck out three . Angel Sanchez added a two - run single in the eighth	True
The right - hander was coming off a three - hit shutout against the Los Angeles Angels in his previous start , a 1 - 0 win over the Los Angeles Angels . The right - hander struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fourth	True
The right - hander struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fourth and fifth innings . The right - hander struck out the side in the fourth	True
The right - hander struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fourth and fifth innings . The right - hander struck out the side in the fourth and retired the side in order in the seventh	True
The right - hander struck out the side in the fourth and retired the side in order in the seventh . The Angels ' only run came on Howie Kendrick 's two - out RBI single in the seventh	True
The Angels ' only run came on Howie Kendrick 's two - out RBI single in the seventh . Howie Kendrick had an RBI single in the seventh	True
Howie Kendrick had an RBI single in the seventh for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Santana had a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Howie Kendrick had an RBI single in the seventh for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Santana had a two - run homer in the fifth and a three - run shot in the fifth	True
Santana had a two - run homer in the fifth and a three - run shot in the fifth to make it 6 - 0 . Moreland added a solo homer in the eighth	False
It was the first time the Angels had scored more than three runs in a game this season . The Angels had a season - high 16 hits , including three in the fourth	True
Beltre 's homer in the fifth gave the Rangers a 6 - 0 lead . Andrus had three hits , including an RBI single in the seventh	True
Garrett Jones and Jonny Gomes also homered for the Pirates , who have won five of six . Cairo , who had three hits , homered off Logan Ondrusek ( 2 - 1 ) leading off the sixth	True
Cairo , who had three hits , homered off Logan Ondrusek ( 2 - 1 ) leading off the sixth . Bruce hit a solo shot in the seventh	True
Cairo , who had three hits , homered off Logan Ondrusek ( 2 - 1 ) leading off the sixth . Bruce hit a solo shot in the seventh off Jose Veras , his fourth	False
Bruce hit a solo shot in the seventh off Jose Veras , his fourth of the season and first since July 26 . He also had a run - scoring single in the eighth	True
The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh 's Jose Tabata hit a leadoff homer in the first inning , his first	False
The Pirates have lost four of five . Pittsburgh 's Jose Tabata hit a leadoff homer in the first inning , his first of the season and second	False
Pittsburgh 's Jose Tabata hit a leadoff homer in the first inning , his first of the season and second in two games . The Pirates made it 4 - 0 in the second	True
Tabata led off the second inning with his first homer of the season , a drive into the right - field seats on a 3 - 2 pitch . It was his second homer of the season and second	False
It was his second homer of the season and second in two games . The Pirates took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	True
Zach Braddock ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer off Tom Gorzelanny in the fifth	True
Zach Braddock ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer off Tom Gorzelanny in the fifth , and Adam LaRoche hit a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the ninth	True
Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer off Tom Gorzelanny in the fifth , and Adam LaRoche hit a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the ninth to give the Brewers a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the fifth for a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the fifth	False
He walked four and struck out five . The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Brewers took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Danny Espinosa and a run - scoring single by Wilson Ramos . Milwaukee added a run in the second	True
The Royals have won six of seven and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . Wilson Betemit hit a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
The Royals have won six of seven and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . Wilson Betemit hit a sacrifice fly in the eighth and Adam Kennedy added a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Alex Gordon 's two - run double in the third gave the Royals a 2 - 0 lead . Billy Butler added an RBI single in the third	True
The right - hander struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The right - hander struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Kemp 's two - out RBI single , but the Cardinals tied it in the second	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Kemp 's two - out RBI single , but the Cardinals tied it in the second on a two - run homer by Albert Pujols and a run - scoring double by Lance Berkman . The Cardinals tied it in the second	True
The Cardinals tied it in the second on a two - out RBI single by Ryan Theriot . The Cardinals tied it in the second	False
Tulowitzki homered and drove in three runs , Esmil Rogers won for the first time in more than a month and the Colorado Rockies beat the New York Mets 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Tulowitzki had three hits , including a three - run homer off Jonathon Niese ( 0 - 2 ) in the fifth	True
Tulowitzki had three hits , including a three - run homer off Jonathon Niese ( 0 - 2 ) in the fifth that gave the Rockies a 4 - 3 lead . Tulowitzki hit a three - run shot off Jonathon Niese ( 0 - 2 ) in the fifth	True
Tulowitzki hit a three - run shot off Jonathon Niese ( 0 - 2 ) in the fifth to give the Rockies a 4 - 3 lead . Tulowitzki hit a three - run shot off Jonathon Niese ( 0 - 2 ) in the fifth	False
Tulowitzki hit a three - run shot off Jonathon Niese ( 0 - 2 ) in the fifth to give the Rockies a 4 - 3 lead . Tulowitzki hit a three - run shot off Jonathon Niese ( 0 - 2 ) in the fifth	False
Tulowitzki hit a three - run shot off Jonathon Niese ( 0 - 2 ) in the fifth to give the Rockies a 4 - 3 lead . Tulowitzki hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Tulowitzki hit a three - run homer in the fifth to give the Rockies a 4 - 3 lead . Tulowitzki hit a three - run shot in the fifth	True
Tulowitzki hit a three - run shot in the fifth to give the Rockies a 4 - 3 lead . It was Tulowitzki 's 19th homer of the season and second	False
It was Tulowitzki 's 19th homer of the season and second in two games . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He walked three and struck out five . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Mike Aviles had two hits and three RBIs for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Minnesota scored four runs in the fourth	True
Minnesota scored four runs in the fourth to take a 6 - 1 lead . The Royals scored four times in the fourth	True
Billy Butler 's RBI single and Aviles ' two - run double gave the Royals a 6 - 1 lead . Jason Kubel 's RBI single and Justin Morneau 's RBI double cut the deficit to 6 - 5 in the fifth	True
Alcides Escobar had an RBI single and Aviles followed with a two - run double to make it 6 - 1 . Chris Getz singled in a run in the fifth	True
Chris Getz singled in a run in the fifth to make it 6 - 1 . The Royals scored three runs in the fifth	True
Colorado manager Clint Hurdle was ejected in the seventh inning by home plate umpire Jerry Meals , and the Rockies beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Colorado took a 5 - 4 lead into the seventh	True
Jhoulys Chacin ( 2 - 0 ) allowed five runs -- four earned -- and seven hits in six innings for the Rockies . Huston Street pitched the ninth	True
Huston Street pitched the ninth for his fourth save . Michael Crotta ( 0 - 1 ) walked Jose Tabata to lead off the seventh	True
Jose Lopez followed with a three - run homer to give the Pirates a 4 - 0 lead . The Rockies took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	True
The right - hander was 6 - 0 in his major league career , including a 4 - 0 win over Pittsburgh on opening day . The Pirates took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	True
McGehee hit a pinch - hit , two - run homer in the eighth inning to lift the Brewers to a 6 - 5 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Casey McGehee hit a pinch - hit , two - run homer in the eighth	True
Kameron Loe ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win . John Axford pitched the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out two . The Cubs took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Cubs took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Aramis Ramirez and a run - scoring single by Darwin Barney . Braun hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Braun hit a two - run homer in the third to give the Cubs a 4 - 2 lead . The Cubs tied it in the second	True
He struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . Asdrubal Cabrera hit a solo homer in the first inning and Jack Hannahan added a solo shot in the seventh	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit a solo homer in the first inning and Jack Hannahan added a solo shot in the seventh for the Mariners . Michael Saunders hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Michael Brantley 's RBI double and Shelley Duncan 's run - scoring double made it 2 - 0 . The Indians added three runs in the second	True
Shin-Soo Choo led off with a double and scored on a single by Orlando Cabrera . Cabrera followed with a two - out homer to left - center , his first	False
Cabrera followed with a two - out homer to left - center , his first of the season . The Indians added three more runs in the fourth	True
Martin hit a pair of three - run homers , Dustin Pedroia had three hits and drove in two runs and the Yankees beat the Boston Red Sox 9 - 4 on Tuesday night . Martin hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and a solo shot in the seventh	True
Clay Buchholz ( 0 - 2 ) allowed five runs -- four earned -- and eight hits in 3 2/3 innings for the Red Sox , who have lost five of six . The Red Sox scored five runs in the fourth	True
Eric Chavez had a run - scoring double and Kevin Youkilis drove in a run with a groundout . Curtis Granderson hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Curtis Granderson hit a two - run homer in the fifth , and Jed Lowrie had three hits for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Boston took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Boston took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Nick Swisher and a run - scoring double by Jacoby Ellsbury . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Pedroia and a run - scoring double by Eric Chavez . Boston took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
Boston took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Pedroia and a run - scoring groundout by Jacoby Ellsbury . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
Blake Hawksworth ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Jonathan Broxton pitched the 11th	True
Jonathan Broxton pitched the 11th for his fourth save in as many chances . Juan Uribe led off the 11th	True
Tony Gwynn Jr. followed with an RBI single to give the Dodgers a 3 - 2 lead . Tony Gwynn Jr. hit a two - out single in the bottom of the 11th	True
But Broxton struck out Jason Bartlett to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first	False
But Broxton struck out Jason Bartlett to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
But Broxton struck out Jason Bartlett to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th	True
He struck out three and walked two . The Padres took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
The Padres took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on an RBI single by Ryan Ludwick and a run - scoring single by Kemp . Los Angeles tied it in the sixth	True
Los Angeles tied it in the sixth on Kemp 's RBI single . The Padres loaded the bases with one out in the seventh	True
Adam LaRoche hit a two - run homer in the 11th inning , and the Nationals beat the Florida Marlins 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Adam LaRoche hit a two - run homer in the 11th	True
Adam LaRoche hit a two - run homer in the 11th to give the Marlins a 3 - 2 lead . Adam LaRoche hit a two - run homer off Edward Mujica ( 1 - 1 ) in the 11th	True
Todd Coffey ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Sean Burnett pitched a scoreless 11th	True
He struck out six without a walk . Ryan Zimmerman singled with one out in the 11th	True
The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring groundout by Ian Desmond and a run - scoring groundout by Hanley Ramirez . Werth 's solo homer in the fourth made it 2 - 1 , but the Nationals tied it in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked three . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jason Kubel 's RBI double and Nick Swisher 's sacrifice fly . The Yankees tied it in the fourth	False
The Yankees tied it in the fourth on Andruw Jones ' RBI double and Russell Martin 's run - scoring groundout . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Jason Kubel and a run - scoring double by Jim Thome . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Jason Kubel and a run - scoring double by Thome . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Jason Kubel and a run - scoring double by Jim Thome . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
Florida 's Ian Desmond went 4 - for - 5 with a pair of doubles , and Hanley Ramirez hit a run - scoring double for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Brian Sanches ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Brian Sanches ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Leo Nunez pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Chad Slaten ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs in the sixth	True
Chad Slaten ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs in the sixth . The Marlins scored three runs in the second	True
The Marlins scored three runs in the second to take a 4 - 0 lead . Coghlan led off with a single , stole second	False
Ike Davis hit a solo homer in the third inning for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida scored three runs in the third	True
Jose Reyes led off with a single and Harris followed with a drive into the right - field seats for his first home run of the season . The Mets added three runs in the third	True
The Mets added three runs in the third . Lucas Duda was hit by a pitch , stole second	False
Omar Infante followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 7 - 1 . Harris hit a two - run homer in the first inning , his first	False
Harris hit a two - run homer in the first inning , his first of the season , to make it 4 - 0 . The Mets added three runs in the third	True
Jose Reyes led off with a single , and Davis followed with his sixth homer of the season to make it 4 - 0 . The Mets added three runs in the third	True
The Mets added three runs in the third , including Harris ' RBI single and Angel Pagan 's bases - loaded walk . The Mets added a run in the seventh	True
The Rays have lost six of their last seven games . Tampa Bay 's Ben Zobrist hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
The Rays have lost six of their last seven games . Tampa Bay 's Ben Zobrist hit a solo homer in the ninth off Jim Johnson , his first	False
Billingsley ( 1 - 0 ) gave up three runs and five hits in six innings , struck out four and walked one . Jonathan Broxton pitched a perfect ninth	True
Jonathan Broxton pitched a perfect ninth for his second save . The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
The right - hander struck out eight and walked three . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Dodgers tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by James Loney . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Rafael Furcal 's two - out RBI single . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
Beltre 's two - out , two - run double in the first gave the Rangers a 2 - 0 lead . Chavez led off the second	True
Beltre led off the second inning with his 21st homer , a solo shot , to make it 6 - 0 . Napoli led off the second	True
Napoli led off the second with his first homer of the season , a shot to left - center that landed in the second deck of seats in right field . Moreland led off the second inning with a homer to left , his third	False
Moreland led off the second inning with a homer to left , his third of the season . The Rangers added a run in the fifth	True
The Giants have lost five of six and are 2 - 7 since the All-Star break . Brian Wilson pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Crawford hit a three - run homer off Ramon Ramirez in the seventh	True
Crawford hit a three - run homer off Ramon Ramirez in the seventh to give the Giants a 5 - 3 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
Milwaukee took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a run - scoring groundout by Freddy Sanchez and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Rickie Weeks . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third to give Milwaukee a 2 - 0 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third	False
Jay Bruce hit a tiebreaking three - run double with two outs in the ninth inning , and the Reds beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jay Bruce hit a two - out , three - run double off Ryan Madson ( 2 - 1 ) to give the Reds a 6 - 3 lead in the ninth	True
Jay Bruce hit a two - out , three - run double off Ryan Madson ( 2 - 1 ) to give the Reds a 6 - 3 lead in the ninth . Logan Ondrusek ( 3 - 2 ) got the last out of the eighth	True
Logan Ondrusek ( 3 - 2 ) got the last out of the eighth for the win . Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth	True
Francisco Cordero pitched the ninth for his ninth save in 10 tries . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Brandon Phillips ' two - run single and Carlos Ruiz 's run - scoring double . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	False
The Phillies tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Domonic Brown . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
He walked four and struck out three . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Mariners have lost six of their last seven games . Olivo hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Olivo hit a two - run homer in the fourth to tie the game at 2 . It was Olivo 's 21st of the season and second	False
He has hit safely in 13 of his last 13 games . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Jason Kubel and a run - scoring single by Denard Span . The Mariners added a run in the third	True
Westbrook ( 4 - 3 ) allowed four hits , walked three and struck out three in his longest outing of the season . Fernando Salas pitched the ninth	True
Fernando Salas pitched the ninth for his sixth save . Tim Collins ( 2 - 2 ) walked Albert Pujols leading off the eighth	True
Holliday followed with a drive into the right - field seats for his third homer of the season . Holliday 's homer was the first	False
Holliday followed with a drive into the right - field seats for his third homer of the season . Holliday 's homer was the first of his career , and the first	False
The right - hander was 0 - 4 in his last six starts against the Yankees , including a 4 - 0 win at Yankee Stadium on April 17 . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked two and struck out two . Murphy homered off Freddy Robertson in the sixth	True
It was Murphy 's fourth homer in his last six games . The Mets tied it in the fourth	True
The Mets tied it in the fourth on a two - out RBI double by Justin Turner , who had three hits . Justin Turner had three hits for New York , including a two - out RBI double in the fourth	True
Justin Turner had three hits for New York , including a two - out RBI double in the fourth that tied it at 1 . Teixeira hit a solo homer in the third inning and Murphy added a solo shot in the sixth	True
It was Murphy 's seventh homer in his last 10 games . The Mets tied it in the fourth	True
The Mets tied it in the fourth on a two - out RBI double by Justin Turner , who had three hits . Turner had three hits , including a two - out double in the fourth	True
He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter . Jonathan Papelbon ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Jonathan Papelbon ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Al Alburquerque ( 0 - 1 ) walked J. D. Drew to lead off the bottom of the ninth	False
Al Alburquerque ( 0 - 1 ) walked J. D. Drew to lead off the bottom of the ninth and pinch - hitter Darnell McDonald was pinch - ran for the plate . Darnell McDonald pinch - ran for McDonald and stole second	False
Darnell McDonald pinch - ran for McDonald and scored on Carl Crawford 's single to center . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Tigers tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Austin Jackson . Boston took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Jarrod Saltalamacchia drove in the go - ahead run with a double in the eighth inning , and the Red Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Daniel Bard ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Daniel Bard ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth for his eighth save . Daniel Schlereth ( 0 - 1 ) walked Brandon Inge to lead off the eighth	True
Jarrod Saltalamacchia followed with an RBI double off the Green Monster to give the Red Sox a 1 - 0 lead . Daniel Bard ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Detroit 's Clay Buchholz allowed four hits , struck out seven and walked one in seven innings , striking out seven and walking one . The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the eighth	True
The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the eighth when Carl Crawford drew a one - out walk and scored on a double by Jarrod Guillen . Detroit had runners on first	False
The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the eighth when Carl Crawford drew a one - out walk and scored on a double by Jarrod Guillen . Detroit had runners on first and second	False
The Tigers took a 2 - 1 lead in the eighth when Carl Crawford drew a one - out walk and scored on a double by Jarrod Guillen . Detroit had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
Detroit had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Al Alburquerque got Adrian Gonzalez to ground into a game - ending double play . The Tigers had runners on first	False
Detroit had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Al Alburquerque got Adrian Gonzalez to ground into a game - ending double play . The Tigers had runners on first and second	False
Detroit had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Al Alburquerque got Adrian Gonzalez to ground into a game - ending double play . The Tigers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	False
The Tigers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Al Alburquerque came on to strike out pinch - hitter Andy Dirks and Brennan Boesch to end the threat . The Tigers had runners on first	False
The Tigers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Al Alburquerque came on to strike out pinch - hitter Andy Dirks and Brennan Boesch to end the threat . The Tigers had runners on first and second	False
The Tigers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Al Alburquerque came on to strike out pinch - hitter Andy Dirks and Brennan Boesch to end the threat . The Tigers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	False
ATLANTA -- Brian McCann 's first game - ending homer with the bases loaded in the bottom of the 11th inning gave the Atlanta Braves a 3 - 1 win over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . McCann 's second homer of the game gave the Braves a 1 - 0 lead in the 11th	True
The right - hander , who began the season on the disabled list with a strained right elbow , had been 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . The Braves had a chance to score in the seventh	True
The right - hander , who began the season on the disabled list with a strained right elbow , had been 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . The Braves had a chance to score in the seventh when Clint Barmes led off with a single and went to third	False
But Rodriguez struck out Angel Sanchez to end the inning . The Astros had runners on first	False
But Rodriguez struck out Angel Sanchez to end the inning . The Astros had runners on first and second	False
But Rodriguez struck out Angel Sanchez to end the inning . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one in his second complete game of the season . Ian Kinsler hit a two - run single off Edwin Jackson ( 3 - 5 ) in the sixth	True
Adrian Beltre had two hits and drove in a run for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Lewis had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth	True
Jose Bautista homered three times and drove in four runs , Aaron Hill had two hits and two RBIs and the Blue Jays beat the Minnesota Twins 11 - 3 on Tuesday night . Bautista hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and a two - run shot in the sixth	True
The Blue Jays jumped on Brian Duensing ( 2 - 3 ) , who gave up seven runs and eight hits in three innings . Bautista hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and a two - run shot in the sixth	True
It was the first three - homer game of the season for Bautista , who hit a two - run homer in the first inning of the Twins ' 3 - 2 win over the New York Yankees on Tuesday . Bautista hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and a two - run shot in the sixth	True
Murphy 's solo homer in the fourth cut the lead to 4 - 2 . Hall led off the fourth	True
Hall led off the fourth with a solo homer to cut the lead to 4 - 2 . Lee homered off Ryota Igarashi in the sixth	True
It was the first time this season the Astros hit back - to - back home runs . Downs hit a pinch - hit homer in the sixth	True
It was the first pinch - hit home run of his career . Lee added a solo shot in the seventh	True
It was the first pinch - hit home run of his career . Lee added a solo shot in the seventh , his first	False
Lee added a solo shot in the seventh , his first of the season . The Mets added a run in the ninth	False
The right - hander struck out five and walked two . Johnny Damon hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Jim Johnson ( 2 - 1 ) got the win with two innings of relief . Jamey Wright pitched two scoreless innings and Kevin Gregg worked the 12th	True
The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in six of his last seven starts . The Dodgers scored four runs in the sixth	True
He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the second time in his last four starts . Matt Kemp hit a three - run homer in the sixth	True
Matt Kemp hit a three - run homer in the sixth for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . McCutchen hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Matt Kemp hit a three - run homer in the sixth for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . McCutchen hit a solo homer in the sixth and a solo shot in the eighth	False
McCutchen hit a solo homer in the sixth and a solo shot in the eighth . McCutchen hit his second homer of the game , a solo shot in the eighth	True
McCutchen hit his second homer of the game , a solo shot in the eighth . The Dodgers added a run in the eighth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Toronto 's Victor Martinez hit an RBI single off Casey Janssen in the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Toronto 's Victor Martinez hit an RBI single off Casey Janssen in the ninth , and Peralta added a run - scoring single off Casey Janssen in the ninth	True
Toronto 's Victor Martinez hit an RBI single off Casey Janssen in the ninth , and Peralta added a run - scoring single off Casey Janssen in the ninth . Victor Martinez drove in a run with a bases - loaded single off Casey Janssen in the ninth	False
Toronto 's Victor Martinez hit an RBI single off Casey Janssen in the ninth , and Peralta added a run - scoring single off Casey Janssen in the ninth . Victor Martinez drove in a run with a bases - loaded single off Casey Janssen in the ninth , and Peralta added an RBI single off Casey Janssen in the ninth	False
Kosuke Fukudome had three hits and drove in a run for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Blake Stubbs hit a tiebreaking single with two outs in the ninth	True
Blake Stubbs hit a tiebreaking single with two outs in the ninth off Francisco Cordero ( 2 - 1 ) , who gave up four hits and two earned runs in two - thirds of an inning . Carlos Pena tied it with a solo homer in the ninth	True
Marcos Mateo ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Blake DeWitt hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Blake DeWitt hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Cincinnati took a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh	True
Cincinnati took a 2 - 1 lead in the seventh when Fred Lewis hit a run - scoring fielder 's choice and Drew Stubbs followed with a run - scoring single . Fukudome had three hits , including an RBI single in the seventh	True
Fukudome had three hits , including an RBI single in the seventh that gave the Cubs a 2 - 1 lead . DeWitt hit his first homer of the season in the fourth	True
DeWitt hit his first homer of the season in the fourth to give the Cubs a 1 - 0 lead . The Cubs tied it in the seventh	True
The Cubs tied it in the seventh when Chris Heisey led off with a walk and scored on Drew Stubbs ' single to right . The Reds tied it in the seventh	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.01 ERA in four starts against the Orioles this season . Johnny Damon hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.01 ERA in four starts against the Orioles this season . Johnny Damon hit a two - run homer in the ninth , and Derrek Lee hit a solo shot in the sixth	True
Tampa Bay went up 1 - 0 in the second inning when Evan Longoria led off with a double and scored on a double by Upton . Tampa Bay took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
Tampa Bay took a 3 - 0 lead in the second . B. J. Upton doubled in a run and Brandon Guyer hit a two - run homer , his first	False
B. J. Upton doubled in a run and Brandon Guyer hit a two - run homer , his first of the season . Tampa Bay went up 3 - 0 in the second	True
Tampa Bay went up 3 - 0 in the second . Vladimir Guerrero led off with a single , stole second	False
Vladimir Guerrero led off with a single , stole second and scored on a double by Casey Kotchman . Guyer hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Guyer hit a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 3 - 1 . Lee hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Brennan Boesch hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Brennan Boesch hit a solo homer in the eighth and Brett Gardner added an RBI single in the ninth	False
Brennan Boesch hit a solo homer in the eighth and Brett Gardner added an RBI single in the ninth . Jose Valverde gave up a run in the ninth	False
Jose Valverde gave up a run in the ninth , but Jose Valverde gave up a run - scoring sacrifice fly to Brandon Inge in the bottom half . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Jose Valverde gave up a run in the ninth , but Jose Valverde gave up a run - scoring sacrifice fly to Brandon Inge in the bottom half . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Eduardo Nunez 's two - out RBI single , but the Tigers tied it in the fourth	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Eduardo Nunez 's two - out RBI single , but the Tigers tied it in the fourth on Eric Chavez 's RBI triple and Eduardo Nunez 's run - scoring single . The Yankees tied it in the fourth	True
Detroit tied it in the bottom of the inning on Nunez 's two - out RBI single . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Ronny Paulino had a career - high five hits , including a tiebreaking double in the 14th inning , and the New York Mets beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . David Wright opened the 14th	True
The Angels , who began the day with the second - worst record in the majors , have lost four of five . Washington 's Collin Balester ( 1 - 1 ) was charged with two runs -- two earned -- and two hits in one - third	True
The right - hander struck out two and walked one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He walked one and struck out three . Joel Hanrahan pitched the ninth	True
The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Reyes hit a two - run homer off Jo-Jo Reyes ( 3 - 7 ) in the third	True
The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Reyes hit a two - run homer off Jo-Jo Reyes ( 3 - 7 ) in the third , and Encarnacion added a solo shot off Luis Perez in the seventh	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Encarnacion , who hit a three - run shot in Tuesday 's 3 - 2 win over the Chicago White Sox . Bautista hit a two - run homer off Luis Perez in the fourth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Encarnacion , who hit a three - run shot in Tuesday 's 3 - 2 win over the Chicago White Sox . Bautista hit a two - run homer off Luis Perez in the fourth , his 12th	False
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Encarnacion , who hit a three - run shot in Tuesday 's 3 - 2 win over the Chicago White Sox . Bautista hit a two - run homer off Luis Perez in the fourth , his 12th , and Corey Patterson hit a solo shot off Tony Watson in the seventh	True
Bautista hit a two - run homer off Luis Perez in the fourth , his 12th , and Corey Patterson hit a solo shot off Tony Watson in the seventh . The Blue Jays took a 6 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays took a 6 - 1 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Neil Walker and a run - scoring single by Garrett Jones . Presley 's RBI single made it 6 - 1 in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays took a 6 - 1 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Neil Walker and a run - scoring single by Garrett Jones . Presley 's RBI single made it 6 - 1 in the fourth , and Bautista hit a two - run homer off Luis Perez in the fourth	True
It was the first time this season the Pirates have hit back - to - back home runs . Encarnacion hit a solo shot off Luis Perez in the seventh	True
It was the first time this season the Pirates have hit back - to - back home runs . Encarnacion hit a solo shot off Luis Perez in the seventh , his 31st , and Chase d'Arnaud made it 7 - 6 with a two - out error in the sixth	True
Encarnacion hit a solo shot off Luis Perez in the seventh , his 31st , and Chase d'Arnaud made it 7 - 6 with a two - out error in the sixth . The Blue Jays took a 6 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays took a 6 - 1 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Encarnacion and a run - scoring single by Garrett Jones . The Blue Jays made it 6 - 1 in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays made it 6 - 1 in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Encarnacion and a run - scoring single by Garrett Jones . The Blue Jays made it 6 - 1 in the fourth	False
The Blue Jays made it 6 - 4 in the bottom half on a run - scoring double by Eric Thames and a run - scoring single by Garrett Jones . The Blue Jays cut it to 6 - 4 in the sixth	True
The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring double by Phillips and a run - scoring single by Jay Bruce . The Reds made it 4 - 0 in the fourth	True
The Reds made it 4 - 0 in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Phillips and a run - scoring single by Fred Lewis . The Rays added a run in the seventh	True
The Rays added a run in the seventh on a throwing error by third baseman Ben Zobrist . The Rays had runners on first	False
The Rays added a run in the seventh on a throwing error by third baseman Ben Zobrist . The Rays had runners on first and second	False
The Rays added a run in the seventh on a throwing error by third baseman Ben Zobrist . The Rays had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
Romero pitched a four - hitter for his first career shutout , J. P. Arencibia homered and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the St. Louis Cardinals 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Romero ( 7 - 7 ) struck out five and walked two in his second career shutout and first	False
Romero ( 7 - 7 ) struck out five and walked two in his second career shutout and first this season . He struck out five and walked two in his second career shutout and second	False
He struck out four and walked three . Arencibia put the Blue Jays ahead 1 - 0 in the second	True
It was the first homer allowed by McClellan in a game this season . Arencibia put the Blue Jays up 1 - 0 in the second	True
Arencibia put the Blue Jays up 1 - 0 in the second with a drive into the second deck in right field . It was his third homer of the season and second	False
It was his third homer of the season and second in two days . The Blue Jays added three runs in the sixth	True
Corey Patterson 's RBI single and Yunel Escobar 's run - scoring single made it 5 - 0 . Yunel Escobar had an RBI single in the sixth	True
Corey Patterson 's RBI single and Yunel Escobar 's run - scoring single made it 5 - 0 . Yunel Escobar had an RBI single in the sixth , and Romero ( 7 - 7 ) gave up four hits and struck out five in his second career shutout and second	False
Chris Getz singled in the go - ahead run in the eighth inning , and the Royals beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 2 on Tuesday night to snap a three - game losing streak . Chris Getz singled in the go - ahead run in the eighth	True
Chris Getz singled in the go - ahead run in the eighth inning , and the Royals beat the Chicago Cubs 3 - 2 on Tuesday night to snap a three - game losing streak . Chris Getz singled in the go - ahead run in the eighth , and Joakim Soria struck out the side in the ninth	True
He had been 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . The Astros had a chance to score in the first	True
He had been 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . The Astros had a chance to score in the first when Ben Zobrist hit a one - out single , stole second	False
He had been 0 - 3 in his previous five starts . The Astros had a chance to score in the first when Ben Zobrist hit a one - out single , stole second and went to third	False
The Phillies have won four straight and five of six . Ben Francisco 's single with two outs in the ninth	True
Shane Victorino drew a one - out walk from Brian Fuentes ( 1 - 8 ) , advanced on a sacrifice and scored on pinch - hitter Ben Francisco 's single to right . Michael Stutes ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He walked four and struck out four . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Ryan Howard grounded into a double play to end the inning . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Hideki Matsui led off with a single , stole second	False
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first . Hideki Matsui led off with a single , stole second and went to third	False
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Hideki Ziegler ( 2 - 0 ) got the final out in the eighth inning to help the Oakland Athletics snap a four - game losing streak with a 4 - 2 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Brad Ziegler ( 2 - 0 ) got the final out in the fifth	True
Brad Ziegler ( 2 - 0 ) got the final out in the fifth for the win . Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth	True
Andrew Bailey pitched the ninth for his fourth save in five chances . Hideki Matsui hit a go - ahead , two - run single in the fifth	True
He walked three and struck out three . Hideki Matsui hit a two - run single in the fifth	True
Matsui 's two - out , two - run single in the fifth gave the A 's a 4 - 2 lead . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
He walked three and struck out one . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
He walked three and struck out three . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Matt Capps pitched the ninth	True
The Braves have lost four straight and seven of nine . Atlanta 's Freddie Freeman hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Atlanta 's Freddie Freeman hit a solo homer in the sixth , but the Braves ' bullpen could n't hold the lead . Hamilton had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth	True
It was the first homer for Hamilton , who had four hits and three RBIs . Hamilton had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Cruz 's two - run double in the fifth gave the Rangers a 5 - 1 lead . McCann led off the bottom of the fourth	True
McCann led off the bottom of the fourth with his 14th homer to tie it at 1 . The Braves added a run in the ninth	True
Suzuki had three hits and scored three times for the Mariners , who have won four of five . Victorino hit a solo homer off Aaron Laffey in the eighth	True
Victorino hit a solo homer off Aaron Laffey in the eighth . Brandon League pitched the ninth	True
Brandon League pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 23 chances . League allowed a leadoff homer to Shane Victorino in the eighth	True
Suzuki had three hits and scored three times for the Mariners , who have won four of five . Seattle took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Chris Narveson ( 4 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Chris Carpenter got the last two outs in the eighth	True
Chris Narveson ( 4 - 4 ) allowed four runs and six hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Chris Carpenter got the last two outs in the eighth and Rodrigo Lopez gave up a run in the ninth	False
He struck out six and walked two . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Corey Hart 's RBI single and Yuniesky Betancourt 's two - out , two - run single . Johnson hit a three - run homer off John Grabow in the fifth	True
Johnson hit a three - run homer off John Grabow in the fifth to make it 5 - 4 . Rickie Weeks hit a solo homer off John Axford in the eighth	True
Johnson hit a three - run homer off John Grabow in the fifth to make it 5 - 4 . Rickie Weeks hit a solo homer off John Axford in the eighth , and Jeff Baker hit a solo shot in the first	True
Rickie Weeks hit a solo homer off John Axford in the eighth , and Jeff Baker hit a solo shot in the first for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Cubs starter Chris Carpenter allowed one hit in two - thirds of an inning , but the Cubs scored four runs in the fifth	True
Chris Carpenter gave up a two - run single to Yuniesky Betancourt and a two - run double to Corey Hart , who had three hits and drove in two runs . Chris Carpenter gave up a two - run homer to Reed Johnson in the fifth	True
Chris Carpenter gave up a two - run single to Yuniesky Betancourt and a two - run double to Corey Hart , who had three hits and drove in two runs . Chris Carpenter gave up a two - run homer to Reed Johnson in the fifth , but the Cubs scored four runs in the seventh	True
He walked two and struck out five . Yunel Escobar had three hits , including a leadoff homer in the first	True
He walked two and struck out five . Yunel Escobar had three hits , including a leadoff homer in the first , and Juan Rivera added a solo shot in the sixth	True
Yunel Escobar had three hits , including a leadoff homer in the first , and Juan Rivera added a solo shot in the sixth for the Blue Jays , who have won five of six . Adam Lind hit a two - run homer in the seventh	False
The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore 's Matt Wieters hit a two - out RBI single off Frank Francisco in the ninth	True
Baltimore 's Matt Wieters hit a two - out RBI single off Frank Francisco in the ninth , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . The Blue Jays had runners on first	False
Baltimore 's Matt Wieters hit a two - out RBI single off Frank Francisco in the ninth , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . The Blue Jays had runners on first and second	False
Baltimore 's Matt Wieters hit a two - out RBI single off Frank Francisco in the ninth , but was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . The Blue Jays had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	True
The Blue Jays had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Frank Andino struck out to end the game . The Orioles had runners on first	False
The Blue Jays had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Frank Andino struck out to end the game . The Orioles had runners on first and second	False
The Blue Jays had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Frank Andino struck out to end the game . The Orioles had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	False
Wells homered twice and drove in three runs , Dan Haren pitched six strong innings and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Seattle Mariners 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Wells hit a two - run homer off Jason Vargas ( 4 - 4 ) in the seventh inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh	True
It was the first multihomer game of his career . Wells hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh	True
He struck out six and walked two . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Domonic Brown hit a two - run homer for the Cubs , who have lost five of six . Aramis Ramirez had a two - run single in the eighth	True
Domonic Brown hit a two - run homer for the Cubs , who have lost five of six . Aramis Ramirez had a two - run single in the eighth and pinch - hitter Luis Montanez added a two - run pinch - hit single in the eighth	False
Aramis Ramirez had a two - run single in the eighth and pinch - hitter Luis Montanez added a two - run pinch - hit single in the eighth for the Phillies . Antonio Bastardo got the final out in the ninth	False
The Cubs have lost four straight and seven of nine . The Cubs scored three runs in the eighth	True
CHICAGO -- Miguel Olivo and Carlos Quentin hit two - run homers in a three - run 10th inning , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Miguel Olivo hit a go - ahead , two - run double off Jamey Wright in the eighth	True
CHICAGO -- Miguel Olivo and Carlos Quentin hit two - run homers in a three - run 10th inning , and the Seattle Mariners beat the Chicago White Sox 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Miguel Olivo hit a go - ahead , two - run double off Jamey Wright in the eighth and Franklin Gutierrez added a two - run double in the 10th	True
Olivo 's two - run double in the 10th gave the Mariners a 4 - 3 lead . Olivo 's two - run double in the 10th gave the Mariners a 4 - 3 lead , but Quentin tied it with a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Olivo 's two - run double in the 10th gave the Mariners a 4 - 3 lead , but Quentin tied it with a two - run homer in the eighth off Jesse Crain . It was Quentin 's second multihomer game of the season and the 10th	False
Aaron Laffey ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Brandon League pitched a perfect 10th	True
Brandon League pitched a perfect 10th for his 17th save . Sergio Santos ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up three runs , three hits and two walks in a shaky 10th	True
He struck out four and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Gutierrez 's two - out , two - run double off Gavin Floyd . The White Sox tied it in the sixth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Carlos Lee hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Lance Berkman hit a two - run shot in the first	True
He struck out four and walked one . Pujols hit a solo homer off Enerio Del Rosario in the eighth	True
Pujols hit a solo homer off Enerio Del Rosario in the eighth to make it 6 - 3 . Fernando Salas gave up a run - scoring double to Chris Johnson in the ninth	False
It was the first homer allowed by Myers this season . The Cardinals tied it in the fourth	True
He walked three and struck out none . Jon Rauch pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked three and struck out none . Arencibia hit a two - run homer off Tim Collins in the eighth	True
Arencibia 's two - run homer off Tim Collins in the eighth gave Toronto a 8 - 5 lead . It was Arencibia 's 10th homer of the season and second	False
It was the third time this season the Blue Jays have hit back - to - back homers . The Blue Jays took a 5 - 2 lead in the second	True
Michael Brantley had three hits , including a solo homer , and Matt Tolbert had two hits and two RBIs for the Twins , who have won four of five . Matt Capps pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last five starts . The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run single in the second	True
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run single in the second . He also doubled in the eighth	True
Tim Dillard ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . John Axford pitched the 11th	True
He struck out five and walked one . Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer in the third for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Florida scored three runs in the third	True
Rickie Weeks hit a two - run homer and Jonathan Lucroy added a run - scoring single for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Florida scored three runs in the fourth	True
He struck out three and walked three . Lind hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
He struck out three and walked three . Lind hit a solo homer in the fifth and a solo shot off Alfredo Simon in the seventh	False
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Aaron Hill 's RBI single . Lind hit a two - out solo homer in the fifth	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Aaron Hill 's RBI single . Lind hit a two - out solo homer in the fifth , and Escobar hit a three - run shot off Alfredo Simon in the fourth	True
Lind hit a two - out solo homer in the fifth , and Escobar hit a three - run shot off Alfredo Simon in the fourth to make it 6 - 2 . Lind hit a two - out double in the fifth	True
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom half on a run - scoring double by Vladimir Guerrero and a run - scoring groundout by Jose Molina . Lind hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom half on a run - scoring double by Vladimir Guerrero and a run - scoring groundout by Jose Molina . Lind hit a solo homer in the seventh , and Reynolds connected in the ninth	False
He struck out six and walked two . Mark Melancon pitched the ninth	True
It was Johnson 's first home run since July 28 , 2011 , against San Francisco . The Astros added three runs in the seventh	True
-- Billy Butler hit a game - ending two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Kansas City Royals to a 2 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Butler 's two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth	True
Butler 's two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth off Scott Downs ( 3 - 2 ) gave the Royals a 2 - 0 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Friday night . Butler 's two - run homer in the ninth	True
He struck out two . The Angels had runners on first	False
He struck out two . The Angels had runners on first and second	False
He struck out two . The Angels had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
The Angels had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Paulino struck out Alex Gordon to end the threat . The Angels had runners on first	False
The Angels had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Paulino struck out Alex Gordon to end the threat . The Angels had runners on first and second	False
The Angels had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Paulino struck out Alex Gordon to end the threat . The Angels had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	False
The Angels had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Paulino struck out Alex Gordon and got Torii Hunter to ground into a double play . Butler 's two - run homer in the ninth	False
The right - hander struck out six and walked four in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side . Rubby De La Rosa gave up a two - run homer to Gerardo Parra in the eighth	True
The right - hander struck out six and walked four in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side . Rubby De La Rosa gave up a two - run homer to Gerardo Parra in the eighth , his second	False
The right - hander struck out six and walked four in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side . Rubby De La Rosa gave up a two - run homer to Gerardo Parra in the eighth , his second of the game , and Juan Rivera 's two - out RBI single in the eighth	True
Rubby De La Rosa gave up a two - run homer to Gerardo Parra in the eighth , his second of the game , and Juan Rivera 's two - out RBI single in the eighth . The Diamondbacks had runners on first	False
Rubby De La Rosa gave up a two - run homer to Gerardo Parra in the eighth , his second of the game , and Juan Rivera 's two - out RBI single in the eighth . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second	False
Rubby De La Rosa gave up a two - run homer to Gerardo Parra in the eighth , his second of the game , and Juan Rivera 's two - out RBI single in the eighth . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	True
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth against Putz , but Dee Gordon grounded into a double play to end the game . The Dodgers scored three runs in the fourth	True
The Dodgers scored three runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 1 lead . Parra hit a two - run homer off Hong-Chih Kuo , his fourth	False
The Dodgers scored three runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 1 lead . Parra hit a two - run homer off Hong-Chih Kuo , his fourth of the season and second	False
It was Parra 's first multihomer game of the season and his first since July 28 , 2011 , against the Dodgers . The Dodgers scored three runs in the eighth	True
The Dodgers scored three runs in the eighth to make it 6 - 2 . Jamey Carroll led off with a single , stole second	False
The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last six starts against the Dodgers , including a 4 - 0 victory at Dodger Stadium on April 28 . J. J. Putz pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 9.00 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers tied the game 1 - 1 in the third	True
The Dodgers tied the game 1 - 1 in the third on Willie Bloomquist 's sacrifice fly . Gerardo Parra drew a bases - loaded walk in the fourth	True
The Dodgers tied the game 1 - 1 in the third on Willie Bloomquist 's sacrifice fly . Gerardo Parra drew a bases - loaded walk in the fourth and Jamey Carroll had an RBI single in the fourth	True
Gerardo Parra drew a bases - loaded walk in the fourth and Jamey Carroll had an RBI single in the fourth to give Arizona a 6 - 1 lead . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out six and walked two . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Tulowitzki and a two - run double by Ryan Ludwick . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
It was the second time this season the Rockies had scored at least six runs in a game . The Padres scored four runs in the sixth	True
Chris Nelson had an RBI single and Alfonzo a bases - loaded walk to make it 7 - 5 . Jesus Guzman had an RBI single in the eighth	True
The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 2.94 ERA in his last six starts . Neftali Feliz worked a perfect ninth	True
The Twins have lost four of five . Minnesota had a chance to score in the eighth	True
The Twins have lost four of five . Minnesota had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter Trevor Plouffe grounded into a double play with runners on first	False
The Twins have lost four of five . Minnesota had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter Trevor Plouffe grounded into a double play with runners on first and second	False
Minnesota had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter Trevor Plouffe grounded into a double play with runners on first and second to end the threat . The Twins had runners on first	False
Minnesota had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter Trevor Plouffe grounded into a double play with runners on first and second to end the threat . The Twins had runners on first and second	False
Minnesota had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter Trevor Plouffe grounded into a double play with runners on first and second to end the threat . The Twins had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
The Twins had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Arthur Rhodes struck out Ian Kinsler to end the threat . The Twins had runners on first	False
The Twins had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Arthur Rhodes struck out Ian Kinsler to end the threat . The Twins had runners on first and second	False
The Twins had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Arthur Rhodes struck out Ian Kinsler to end the threat . The Twins had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	False
The Twins have lost four of five . Minnesota had a chance to score in the eighth	True
The Twins have lost four of five . Minnesota had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter Nelson Cruz grounded into a fielder 's choice with runners on first	False
The Twins have lost four of five . Minnesota had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter Nelson Cruz grounded into a fielder 's choice with runners on first and third	False
McCutchen had three hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth inning , and Kevin Correia pitched into the seventh inning to lead the Pirates to a 5 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . McCutchen had three hits , including a two - run homer off George Sherrill in the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out five . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Pedro Alvarez 's RBI groundout . The Pirates tied it in the second	True
The Pirates tied it in the second on Eric Hinske 's RBI double . The Pirates tied it in the second	False
The Pirates tied it in the second on Freddie Freeman 's two - out double . The Pirates tied it in the second	False
The Pirates tied it in the second on McCutchen 's RBI double and Eric Hinske 's run - scoring double . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out double by Xavier Paul and a run - scoring double by McCutchen . The Pirates tied it in the second	True
The Pirates tied it in the second on a run - scoring double by McCutchen and a run - scoring single by Eric Hinske . The Braves took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox had a chance to score in the eighth	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - runner Andy Dirks stole second	False
The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - runner Andy Dirks stole second , went to third	False
The White Sox had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - runner Andy Dirks stole second , went to third on a wild pitch and scored on Wilson Betemit 's single to right . The White Sox had runners on first	False
The White Sox had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - runner Andy Dirks stole second , went to third on a wild pitch and scored on Wilson Betemit 's single to right . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
The White Sox had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - runner Andy Dirks stole second , went to third on a wild pitch and scored on Wilson Betemit 's single to right . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox had a chance to score in the sixth	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox had a chance to score in the sixth when Alexei Ramirez led off with a single , stole second	False
The White Sox had a chance to score in the sixth when Alexei Ramirez led off with a single , stole second and scored on Victor Martinez 's single . The White Sox had runners on first	False
The White Sox had a chance to score in the sixth when Alexei Ramirez led off with a single , stole second and scored on Victor Martinez 's single . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
The White Sox had a chance to score in the sixth when Alexei Ramirez led off with a single , stole second and scored on Victor Martinez 's single . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
He struck out four and walked two . Aaron Rowand hit a pinch - hit homer in the eighth	True
The Cubs have won 10 of their last 13 games and have won six of their last seven . Jeff Grabow ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Jeff Grabow ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th to earn the win . David Carpenter ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and two hits in one - third	True
He struck out nine and walked three . Houston starter John Grabow ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Houston starter John Grabow ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th to get the win . Carlos Lee hit a tying two - run homer in the eighth	True
He struck out two and walked none . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Halladay is the first Phillies pitcher to win his first nine starts in a season since Jack Morris in 2005 . Antonio Bastardo pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom half on a run - scoring double by Raul Ibanez and a run - scoring double by Shane Victorino . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first	True
-- The Kansas City Royals had a chance to take the lead in the top of the 10th inning , but the Kansas City Royals rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Mike Aviles had a career - high three RBIs and Eric Hosmer drove in the winning run with a two - out double in the 10th	True
He struck out four and walked none . Joakim Soria ( 5 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Joakim Soria ( 5 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless 10th to earn the win . Brandon Gomes ( 0 - 1 ) gave up a run in the bottom of the 10th	True
Brandon Gomes ( 0 - 1 ) gave up a run in the bottom of the 10th . Hosmer had three hits , including an RBI double off Kyle Farnsworth with two outs in the ninth	True
Hosmer had three hits , including an RBI double off Kyle Farnsworth with two outs in the ninth . Alex Gordon tied it 4 - all with an RBI double off Kyle Farnsworth in the ninth	True
Hosmer had three hits , including an RBI double off Kyle Farnsworth with two outs in the ninth . Alex Gordon tied it 4 - all with an RBI double off Kyle Farnsworth in the ninth , but the Rays tied it in the ninth	False
Alex Gordon tied it 4 - all with an RBI double off Kyle Farnsworth in the ninth , but the Rays tied it in the ninth on a two - run homer by Desmond Jennings . The Royals tied it at 4 in the sixth	True
The Royals tied it at 4 in the sixth on an RBI double by Ben Zobrist and a run - scoring double by Evan Longoria . The Royals tied it at 4 in the sixth	False
The Royals tied it at 4 in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Johnny Damon and a sacrifice fly by Elliot Johnson . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 0 in the first	True
Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 0 in the first on Ben Zobrist 's RBI single and Desmond Jennings ' RBI double . Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Billy Butler led off with a single , stole second	False
Billy Butler led off with a single , stole second and scored on Johnny Damon 's double into the right - field corner . Johnny Damon added an RBI double in the sixth	True
Johnny Damon added an RBI double in the sixth to make it 4 - 2 . The Royals tied it in the sixth	False
The Royals tied it in the sixth on Moustakas ' sacrifice fly . The Royals tied it in the sixth	False
He struck out seven and walked one . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth	True
Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth for his 30th save in 32 chances . The Braves took a 6 - 5 lead in the sixth	True
He walked a career - high seven and struck out four . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run triple by Dexter Fowler and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Jhoulys Chacin . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run triple by Dexter Fowler and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Jhoulys Chacin . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on Heyward 's two - run homer and Alex Gonzalez 's run - scoring fielder 's choice in the third	True
The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on Heyward 's two - run homer and Alex Gonzalez 's run - scoring fielder 's choice in the third . The Braves tied it in the fifth	False
The Braves tied it in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Chris Iannetta and a run - scoring double by Nate McLouth . The Rockies tied it at 5 in the seventh	True
It was the first time this season the Braves had scored at least five runs in a game . The Rockies took a 6 - 5 lead in the sixth	True
He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter . Brennan Boesch hit a two - run homer off Carl Pavano ( 6 - 7 ) in the fifth	True
He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter . Brennan Boesch hit a two - run homer off Carl Pavano ( 6 - 7 ) in the fifth and Jhonny Peralta added a solo shot in the eighth	True
The Nationals have lost six of seven . Werth had three hits , including a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Werth had three hits , including a two - run homer in the sixth off Todd Coffey ( 3 - 1 ) . Werth had three hits , including a two - run homer in the sixth	False
Werth had three hits , including a two - run homer in the sixth that tied it at 2 - all . Werth had three hits , including a two - run homer in the sixth	False
Humberto Quintero 's RBI double in the second made it 2 - 0 . The Astros had runners on first	False
Humberto Quintero 's RBI double in the second made it 2 - 0 . The Astros had runners on first and second	False
Humberto Quintero 's RBI double in the second made it 2 - 0 . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the second	True
Gonzalez hit a game - ending RBI single with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning , lifting the Colorado Rockies to a 3 - 2 win over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Carlos Gonzalez hit a two - out RBI single off Eric O'Flaherty ( 1 - 3 ) to give the Rockies a 3 - 2 lead in the bottom of the ninth	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit a two - out RBI single off Eric O'Flaherty ( 1 - 3 ) to give the Rockies a 3 - 2 lead in the bottom of the ninth . Huston Street ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Huston Street ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the Rockies , who have won five of six . Helton hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Todd Helton added a two - run shot to give the Rockies a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Helton hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Todd Helton added a two - run shot to give the Rockies a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Colorado tied it in the second	True
Colorado tied it in the second on a two - out RBI double by Dan Uggla . The Braves tied it in the eighth	True
Colorado tied it in the second on a two - out RBI double by Dan Uggla . The Braves tied it in the eighth when Dexter Fowler led off with a single , stole second	False
Colorado tied it in the second on a two - out RBI double by Dan Uggla . The Braves tied it in the eighth when Dexter Fowler led off with a single , stole second and went to third	False
The Braves tied it in the eighth when Dexter Fowler led off with a single , stole second and went to third on catcher Eliezer Alfonzo 's throwing error . Schafer stole second	False
The Braves tied it in the eighth when Dexter Fowler led off with a single , stole second and went to third on catcher Eliezer Alfonzo 's throwing error . Schafer stole second and advanced to third	False
Schafer stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch before scoring on Gonzalez 's single to right . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out double by David Ross . The Braves cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the second	True
It was the first home run allowed by Lincecum in his last five starts . Navarro hit a solo shot in the seventh	True
Navarro hit a solo shot in the seventh for his first home run of the season . Javy Guerra pitched a perfect ninth	True
Michael Young had three hits , including a two - run double in a five - run fifth inning that gave the Angels a 6 - 3 lead . Kendrick had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth	True
Torii Hunter and David Murphy also homered for the Angels , who took two of three from the AL West leaders . Jordan Walden pitched the ninth	True
The Angels scored two runs in the first inning to take a 1 - 0 lead . Josh Hamilton led off with a single , stole second	False
Josh Hamilton led off with a single , stole second and scored on Adrian Beltre 's double to right - center . Murphy 's two - run homer in the fourth gave the Angels a 3 - 1 lead , and Hunter led off the third	True
Michael Bourn had three hits , including a two - run double in the fourth inning that made it 6 - 2 . Barmes hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Morse added a two - run shot in the third	True
It was the first home run allowed by Zimmermann in five starts this season . The Astros scored three times in the fourth	True
Humberto Quintero hit an RBI single and scored on a two - out single by Ian Desmond to make it 6 - 2 . Barmes hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Barmes hit a two - run homer in the third to give the Astros a 2 - 0 lead . Hairston hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Hairston hit a two - run homer in the sixth to cut Houston 's lead to 6 - 4 , but Morse tied it with a two - out , two - run double in the bottom half . Mark Melancon pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Jeff Keppinger hit a two - run homer for the Pirates , who have lost five of six . Sergio Escalona ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Jeff Keppinger hit a two - run homer for the Pirates , who have lost five of six . Sergio Escalona ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win and Mark Melancon worked a perfect ninth	True
Sergio Escalona ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win and Mark Melancon worked a perfect ninth for his seventh save . Jose Veras ( 2 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing three runs -- two earned -- and one hit in one - third	True
Jose Veras ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Jose Veras ( 2 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and one hit in one - third	True
He struck out three and walked one . Lyle Overbay led off the sixth	True
Walker hit a solo homer in the fifth inning to cut the lead to 3 - 1 . Walker hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Wood hit his second homer of the season in the sixth inning to cut the lead to 3 - 2 . The Pirates tied it at 3 - all in the sixth	True
The Pirates tied it at 3 - all in the sixth on a two - out throwing error by third baseman Brandon Wood . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out four and walked one . Rick Ankiel hit a pinch - hit homer in the eighth	True
Rick Ankiel hit a pinch - hit homer in the eighth for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Roger Bernadina had an RBI single in the sixth	False
Rick Ankiel hit a pinch - hit homer in the eighth for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Roger Bernadina had an RBI single in the sixth , and Rick Ankiel added a pinch - hit homer in the eighth	False
Roger Bernadina had an RBI single in the sixth , and Rick Ankiel added a pinch - hit homer in the eighth . Drew Storen pitched the ninth	True
Hernandez allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings , struck out six and walked one . Jordan Walden got the final out in the ninth	True
Bautista hit a pair of solo homers , and the Blue Jays beat the Cleveland Indians 5 - 4 on Tuesday night to snap a four - game losing streak . Bautista hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and added a solo shot in the 10th	True
Bautista hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and added a solo shot in the 10th to give the Blue Jays a 5 - 4 win over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Bautista hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and added a solo shot in the ninth	False
Bautista hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and added a solo shot in the ninth off Chris Perez ( 2 - 4 ) . It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first	False
It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Bautista hit a solo shot in the third	True
It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Bautista hit a solo shot in the third and a solo shot in the ninth	True
It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Bautista hit a solo shot in the third and a solo shot in the ninth off Chris Perez , who gave up a run - scoring double to Travis Buck in the ninth	True
Bautista hit a solo shot in the third and a solo shot in the ninth off Chris Perez , who gave up a run - scoring double to Travis Buck in the ninth . Shawn Camp pitched the 10th	True
Shawn Camp pitched the 10th for his first save . Jon Rauch ( 3 - 3 ) blew a 4 - 3 lead in the ninth	True
Jon Rauch ( 3 - 3 ) blew a 4 - 3 lead in the ninth before giving up a one - out double to Austin Kearns and a two - run double to Travis Buck . Cleveland tied it in the ninth	False
The right - hander struck out eight and walked two . Justin Masterson pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Justin Masterson pitched a scoreless eighth and Shawn Camp got three outs for his first save . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Adam Lind 's RBI single . Adam Lind had an RBI single in the first	True
Hamilton 's RBI single in the third gave the Rangers a 2 - 0 lead . Young led off the fifth	True
Young led off the fifth with a homer to left - center off Fautino De Los Santos , who was making his major league debut . The Rangers added a run in the sixth	True
Hamilton 's sacrifice fly in the sixth made it 6 - 0 . Young led off the fifth	True
Hafner hit a three - run homer with one out in the ninth inning to give the Indians a 5 - 4 win over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Cleveland 's Jose Bautista hit a solo homer off Luis Perez ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth	True
Hafner hit a three - run homer with one out in the ninth inning to give the Indians a 5 - 4 win over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Cleveland 's Jose Bautista hit a solo homer off Luis Perez ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth , and Asdrubal Cabrera and Tony Sipp ( 4 - 1 ) allowed a run in the ninth	True
Cleveland 's Jose Bautista hit a solo homer off Luis Perez ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth , and Asdrubal Cabrera and Tony Sipp ( 4 - 1 ) allowed a run in the ninth . Hafner hit a three - run homer off Tony Sipp ( 4 - 1 ) to make it 4 - 0 in the ninth	False
Hafner hit a three - run homer off Tony Sipp ( 4 - 1 ) to make it 4 - 0 in the ninth . Asdrubal Cabrera had an RBI single in the ninth	False
Schierholtz homered in the 14th inning , Pablo Sandoval drove in three runs and the Giants beat the San Diego Padres 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Schierholtz hit a two - run homer off Pat Neshek ( 1 - 1 ) in the bottom of the 14th	True
It was the first game - ending homer of Schierholtz 's career . Schierholtz hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Schierholtz hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give San Francisco a 5 - 3 lead . Schierholtz hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Schierholtz hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give San Francisco a 5 - 3 lead . Schierholtz hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Schierholtz hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give San Francisco a 5 - 3 lead . Schierholtz hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Schierholtz hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give San Francisco a 5 - 3 lead . Schierholtz hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Schierholtz hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give San Francisco a 5 - 3 lead . It was Schierholtz 's second career game - ending homer and first	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning and the Tigers rallied to beat the Los Angeles Angels 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Miguel Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Penny ( 6 - 6 ) gave up four runs and six hits in 6 1/3 innings , struck out three and walked two . Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run single by Victor Martinez and a two - run single by Howie Kendrick . Cabrera hit a two - run homer off Hisanori Takahashi ( 2 - 2 ) in the seventh	True
Cabrera hit a two - run homer off Hisanori Takahashi ( 2 - 2 ) in the seventh , giving the Tigers a 5 - 3 lead . Andy Dirks singled in a run in the seventh	True
Cabrera hit a two - run homer off Hisanori Takahashi ( 2 - 2 ) in the seventh , giving the Tigers a 5 - 3 lead . Andy Dirks singled in a run in the seventh to make it 5 - 4 , but Cabrera tied it with a two - run homer off Michael Kohn in the seventh	True
The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run double by Vernon Wells and a two - run single by Howie Kendrick . The Angels took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Angels took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Victor Martinez and a two - run single by Howie Kendrick . The Angels took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Angels took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Vernon Wells and a two - run single by Howie Kendrick . The Angels tied it in the third	True
He struck out four and walked one . San Diego 's Will Venable hit a leadoff homer in the ninth	True
Bell struck out pinch - hitter Kyle Phillips to end the game for his 25th save in 27 chances . San Diego , which has won four of five , scored three runs in the sixth	True
San Diego , which has won four of five , scored three runs in the sixth to take a 3 - 0 lead . Sandoval hit a two - run homer off Lincecum in the sixth	True
It was Sandoval 's third home run of the season . He also had a two - run shot in the sixth	True
He also had a two - run shot in the sixth . San Francisco 's Ryan Ludwick extended his hitting streak to 11 games with an RBI single in the fifth	True
The right - hander is 8 - 1 in his past 10 starts against the Blue Jays , who have won three of four . Chase Utley hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
He walked four and struck out three . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last eight starts against the Reds . Grady Sizemore hit a solo homer in the second inning and a run - scoring double in the fifth	True
Blake Wood ( 5 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing three runs in one inning . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth	True
Jose Valverde pitched the ninth for his NL-leading 40th save . Hosmer hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth	True
Hosmer hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . Hosmer had a sacrifice fly in the eighth	False
Hosmer hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . Hosmer had a sacrifice fly in the eighth and a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jackson led off with a double and scored on Melky Cabrera 's single . Hosmer hit a solo homer in the second	True
Hosmer hit a solo homer in the second , and Billy Butler 's RBI single in the sixth gave the Royals a 4 - 2 lead . Victor Martinez added an RBI double in the eighth	False
Victor Martinez added an RBI double in the eighth to make it 5 - 4 . Daniel Schlereth ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Daniel Schlereth ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Tim Collins struck out three in 1 2/3 innings , Tim Collins struck out three in the eighth	True
Daniel Schlereth ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Tim Collins struck out three in 1 2/3 innings , Tim Collins struck out three in the eighth and Daniel Schlereth ( 2 - 1 ) pitched the eighth	False
The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . Johnny Damon hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
The Rays have lost five of their last six games . Tampa Bay went up 2 - 0 in the second	True
Tampa Bay went up 2 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring single by John Jaso and a bases - loaded walk to Desmond Jennings to make it 3 - 0 . Matt Joyce had an RBI single in the third	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last four starts . Javy Guerra pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts after going 0 - 4 in his previous six starts . The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the second	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts after going 0 - 4 in his previous six starts . The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the second on Matt Kemp 's RBI single and Alberto Gonzalez 's two - out RBI double in the fourth	True
The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the second on Matt Kemp 's RBI single and Alberto Gonzalez 's two - out RBI double in the fourth . The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the second	False
The right - hander is 6 - 1 with a 3.57 ERA in his last seven starts . Bobby Parnell gave up a solo homer to Gaby Sanchez in the ninth	True
Flowers hit his first career grand slam , Gavin Floyd pitched into the eighth inning and the Chicago White Sox beat the Seattle Mariners 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Flowers hit a three - run homer in the sixth	True
He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Dayan Viciedo hit a three - run homer in the sixth	True
He struck out two and walked two . Paul Konerko had three hits , including an RBI single in the sixth	True
Jeff Keppinger singled home the winning run with two outs in the 10th inning to lift the Giants to a 2 - 1 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . Mark DeRosa led off the 10th	True
Mark DeRosa led off the 10th with a single off Fernando Rodriguez ( 2 - 3 ) . DeRosa stole second	False
Mark DeRosa led off the 10th with a single off Fernando Rodriguez ( 2 - 3 ) . DeRosa stole second and advanced to third	False
DeRosa stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . Jeff Affeldt ( 3 - 2 ) got the last two outs of the 10th	True
He struck out seven and walked three . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Carlos Lee 's RBI groundout . The Giants tied it in the fifth	True
The Giants tied it in the fifth when Mike Fontenot led off with a double and scored on Jason Bourgeois ' one - out single . The Giants tied it in the fifth	False
The Giants tied it in the fifth when Mike Fontenot led off with a double and scored on Carlos Beltran 's groundout . The Giants tied it in the fifth	False
The Giants tied it in the fifth when Aubrey Huff drew a leadoff walk and scored on a single by Humberto Quintero . The Astros had runners on first	False
The Giants tied it in the fifth when Aubrey Huff drew a leadoff walk and scored on a single by Humberto Quintero . The Astros had runners on first and second	False
The Giants tied it in the fifth when Aubrey Huff drew a leadoff walk and scored on a single by Humberto Quintero . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	True
The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Affeldt got Jimmy Paredes to ground into an inning - ending double play . The Astros had runners on first	False
The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Affeldt got Jimmy Paredes to ground into an inning - ending double play . The Astros had runners on first and second	False
The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Affeldt got Jimmy Paredes to ground into an inning - ending double play . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	False
The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Affeldt got Jimmy Sandoval to ground into a game - ending double play . The Astros had runners on first	False
The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Affeldt got Jimmy Sandoval to ground into a game - ending double play . The Astros had runners on first and second	False
The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Affeldt got Jimmy Sandoval to ground into a game - ending double play . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	False
Tyler Colvin 's pinch - hit single with one out in the 10th inning gave the Cubs a 5 - 4 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Geovany Soto led off the 10th	True
David Freese hit a solo homer for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Cardinals starter Arthur Rhodes left with a 4 - 2 lead after giving up a leadoff single to Molina in the seventh	True
He struck out five and walked three . The Cardinals took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Cardinals took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Aramis Ramirez and a two - run homer by David Freese . Barney led off the fifth	True
Hunter hit a grand slam and drove in five runs , Dan Haren pitched seven strong innings and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hunter hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh	True
Hunter hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh , giving the Angels a 7 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Hunter , who hit a two - run shot in the seventh	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for the Angels , who have won four of five . Hunter hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for the Angels , who have won four of five . Hunter hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh off Kevin Gregg , who gave up a solo homer to Mike Trout in the eighth	True
He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Brad Bergesen pitched a perfect eighth	True
He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Brad Bergesen pitched a perfect eighth and Kevin Gregg gave up a solo homer to Mike Trout in the eighth	True
Adam Jones drove in two runs for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Bourjos hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the second	True
Adam Jones drove in two runs for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Bourjos hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the second , his first	False
Bourjos hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the second , his first of the season . He also had an RBI single in the third	True
He also had an RBI single in the third . The Angels took a 5 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Angels took a 5 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Adam Jones and a run - scoring single by Howie Kendrick . The Orioles closed to 5 - 2 in the third	True
Cubs manager Joe Maddon was ejected in the seventh inning for arguing a called third strike . Carlos Marmol pitched the ninth	True
Eric O'Flaherty ( 1 - 4 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in one inning . Carlos Pena hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Carlos Pena hit a two - run homer in the seventh to give Atlanta a 5 - 4 lead . Carlos Pena hit a two - run homer in the seventh	False
Carlos Pena hit a two - run homer in the seventh to give Atlanta a 5 - 4 lead . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Colvin 's two - out , two - run single . The Cubs took a 4 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Cubs took a 4 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Michael Bourn and a run - scoring single by Martin Prado . The Braves took a 4 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Braves took a 4 - 0 lead in the second . Aramis Ramirez led off with a single , stole second	False
The Braves took a 4 - 0 lead in the second . Aramis Ramirez led off with a single , stole second , moved to third	False
Lind hit a grand slam and drove in five runs , Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - run homer and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Los Angeles Angels 11 - 2 on Tuesday night . Lind hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Lind hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth . Lind hit a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Lind hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth . Lind hit a sacrifice fly in the sixth and Encarnacion hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He walked two and struck out three . Alberto Callaspo hit a leadoff double in the second	True
Alberto Callaspo hit a leadoff double in the second and scored on Lind 's sacrifice fly . Alberto Callaspo led off the fifth	True
Alberto Callaspo hit a leadoff double in the second and scored on Lind 's sacrifice fly . Alberto Callaspo led off the fifth with a homer to left , his third	False
Alberto Callaspo led off the fifth with a homer to left , his third , and John McDonald followed with an RBI double . The Blue Jays added two more in the sixth	True
The Blue Jays added two more in the sixth on Encarnacion 's RBI single and J. P. Arencibia 's RBI single . The Blue Jays added three more in the sixth	True
He struck out three and walked one . Drew Storen gave up Hunter Pence 's sacrifice fly in the ninth	True
Drew Storen gave up Hunter Pence 's sacrifice fly in the ninth before finishing for his 31st save in 34 chances . Storen gave up a run - scoring single to Hunter Pence in the ninth	True
Storen gave up a run - scoring single to Hunter Pence in the ninth but earned his 31st save in 34 chances . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Jayson Werth 's RBI groundout . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Carlos Marmol struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . Johnson led off the sixth	True
It was Johnson 's first career four - hit game . He also had a solo shot off Collin Balester in the sixth	True
He also had a solo shot off Collin Balester in the sixth . Soto led off the second inning with his third homer of the season and second	False
Soto led off the second inning with his third homer of the season and second in two games . Soto led off the bottom half with a homer to left - center , his third	False
Soto led off the bottom half with a homer to left - center , his third of the season . The Cubs tied it in the fourth	True
The Cubs tied it in the fourth on a two - out RBI double by Soriano . The Cubs tied it in the fourth	False
The Cubs tied it in the bottom half on a two - out double by Ryan Zimmerman , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a double . Werth homered off Collin Balester in the sixth	True
Werth homered off Collin Balester in the sixth for a 4 - 2 lead . It was his second	False
Cabrera hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning and the Tampa Bay Rays rallied to beat the Kansas City Royals 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Cabrera hit a two - out , three - run homer off Jake McGee ( 1 - 1 ) in the ninth	True
Cabrera hit a two - out , three - run homer off Jake McGee ( 1 - 1 ) in the ninth . Cabrera hit a three - run homer off Jake McGee ( 1 - 1 ) in the ninth	False
Cabrera hit a three - run homer off Jake McGee ( 1 - 1 ) in the ninth . Cabrera hit a three - run homer off Jake McGee ( 1 - 1 ) in the ninth	False
Cabrera hit a three - run homer off Jake McGee ( 1 - 1 ) in the ninth . Cabrera hit a three - run homer off Jake McGee ( 1 - 1 ) in the ninth	False
Joakim Soria ( 5 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up three runs , three hits and a walk in two - thirds of an inning . Jake McGee ( 1 - 1 ) got the final out in the ninth	True
Joakim Soria ( 5 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up three runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . Matt Joyce had three hits , including a solo homer in the fifth	True
Matt Joyce had three hits , including a solo homer in the fifth that gave Kansas City a 3 - 0 lead . The Rays took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Rays took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI triple by Johnny Giavotella and a sacrifice fly by Salvador Perez . Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
Bobby Abreu hit a tiebreaking two - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning , and the Angels rallied to beat the New York Yankees 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Derek Jeter had a two - run single off Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) , and Bobby Abreu hit a two - out , two - run homer in the ninth	True
Derek Jeter had a two - run single off Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) , and Bobby Abreu hit a two - out , two - run homer in the ninth off Fernando Rodney to give Los Angeles a 6 - 4 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . Scott Downs ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Derek Jeter had a two - run single off Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) , and Bobby Abreu hit a two - out , two - run homer in the ninth off Fernando Rodney to give Los Angeles a 6 - 4 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . Scott Downs ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win , and Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two runs in the ninth	True
Scott Downs ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win , and Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) gave up two runs in the ninth . He gave up a two - run homer to Bobby Abreu and a two - run shot to Curtis Granderson in the ninth	True
He gave up a two - run homer to Bobby Abreu and a two - run shot to Curtis Granderson in the ninth . Bobby Abreu hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Bobby Abreu hit a two - run homer in the ninth for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Abreu hit a two - out , two - run homer in the ninth	True
Abreu hit a two - out , two - run homer in the ninth off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) , who blew a save for the third time in two chances this season . He gave up a two - run homer to Bobby Abreu in the ninth	True
Abreu hit a two - out , two - run homer in the ninth off Mariano Rivera ( 1 - 2 ) , who blew a save for the third time in two chances this season . He gave up a two - run homer to Bobby Abreu in the ninth and a two - run shot to Torii Hunter in the ninth	True
He gave up a two - run homer to Bobby Abreu in the ninth and a two - run shot to Torii Hunter in the ninth . Bobby Abreu hit a two - run homer in the ninth	False
He gave up a two - run homer to Bobby Abreu in the ninth and a two - run shot to Torii Hunter in the ninth . Bobby Abreu hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Jordan Walden , who pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked one . J. J. Putz pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Dodgers , who have won three of four , took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run homer by Kelly Johnson and a run - scoring double by Andre Ethier . Arizona tied it at 2 in the sixth	True
Arizona tied it at 2 in the sixth on Juan Rivera 's two - out RBI single . Ransom hit a two - run homer off Kershaw in the seventh	True
It was the first home run allowed by the Dodgers this season , the most in the majors this season . The Dodgers tied it at 2 in the sixth	True
MIAMI -- Albert Pujols and Bryan Petersen hit back - to - back home runs in the fourth inning , and the St. Louis Cardinals rallied to beat the Florida Marlins 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Pujols hit a solo homer in the fourth inning and a two - run shot in the sixth	True
Pujols hit a solo homer in the fourth inning and a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Cardinals a 4 - 2 lead . Petersen hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Holliday 's two - run single in the seventh gave St. Louis a 7 - 4 lead . The Cardinals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
The Cardinals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on a two - run single by Jon Jay and a two - run single by Matt Holliday . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	False
The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on a two - out , two - run single by Jon Jay , and a run - scoring single by Alfredo Amezaga in the fifth gave the Cardinals a 2 - 1 lead . Petersen hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Holliday 's two - out , two - run single off Mike Dunn ( 5 - 6 ) gave the Cardinals a 7 - 4 lead . Lance Berkman added an RBI single in the ninth	True
The Cubs have won five of their last six games and have won six of their last seven . Carlos Marmol pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Casey McGehee hit a two - run single and Yuniesky Betancourt added an RBI single to make it 6 - 1 . Ryan Braun had three hits , including an RBI double in the first	True
Casey McGehee hit a two - run single and Yuniesky Betancourt added an RBI single to make it 6 - 1 . Ryan Braun had three hits , including an RBI double in the first , and scored on a sacrifice fly by Humberto Quintero to push the lead to 6 - 1 in the third	True
Ryan Braun had three hits , including an RBI double in the first , and scored on a sacrifice fly by Humberto Quintero to push the lead to 6 - 1 in the third . Corey Hart led off the sixth	True
Corey Hart led off the sixth with his 19th homer of the season to make it 7 - 1 . The Astros added a run in the ninth	True
The Astros added a run in the ninth on Jonathan Lucroy 's bases - loaded walk . Lucroy 's bases - loaded walk off Enerio Del Rosario made it 8 - 1 in the ninth	True
Lucroy 's bases - loaded walk off Enerio Del Rosario made it 8 - 1 in the ninth . The Astros had a chance to add to the lead in the ninth	True
John Mayberry Jr. homered for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Giants manager Bruce Bochy was ejected in the ninth	True
Giants manager Bruce Bochy was ejected in the ninth for arguing a called third strike . The Giants had runners on first	False
Giants manager Bruce Bochy was ejected in the ninth for arguing a called third strike . The Giants had runners on first and second	False
Giants manager Bruce Bochy was ejected in the ninth for arguing a called third strike . The Giants had runners on first and second with two outs in the eighth	True
The Giants had runners on first and second with two outs in the eighth but Lee struck out Cody Ross to end the threat . Pence hit a solo home run in the second inning and John Mayberry Jr. added a solo shot in the second	True
He walked one and struck out one . The Diamondbacks scored four runs in the third	True
Orlando Cabrera hit a two - run double and Pablo Sandoval had an RBI single , and Carlos Beltran singled in a run to make it 4 - 0 . The Giants added three more in the fifth	True
The Giants added three more in the fifth on a two - run double by Ross and a run - scoring single by Aubrey Huff and a two - run double by Ross . The Giants added three runs in the fifth	True
The Giants added three runs in the fifth on a two - run double by Ross and a two - run double by Ross . The Giants added two more runs in the seventh	True
DENVER -- Shane Victorino was n't surprised to see John Mayberry Jr. hit a go - ahead home run in the 10th inning to lift the Philadelphia Phillies to a 4 - 3 win over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Shane Victorino led off the 10th	True
Shane Victorino led off the 10th with a home run off Rex Brothers ( 1 - 2 ) , and Shane Victorino followed with a solo shot to give the Phillies a 4 - 3 lead . Mayberry hit a two - out , two - run homer off Huston Street in the ninth	True
It was the first pinch - hit homer of Victorino 's career . Shane Victorino led off the bottom of the 10th	True
Shane Victorino led off the bottom of the 10th with a homer off Rex Brothers ( 1 - 2 ) . Antonio Bastardo ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Antonio Bastardo ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Ryan Madson pitched a perfect 10th	True
He struck out five and walked one . Iannetta homered off Michael Stutes in the seventh	True
Iannetta homered off Michael Stutes in the seventh to make it 3 - 1 . It was his third	False
Iannetta homered off Michael Stutes in the seventh to make it 3 - 1 . It was his third of the season and second	False
It was his third of the season and second in two days . Colorado tied it in the seventh	True
He struck out five and walked one . Batista ( 5 - 2 ) struck out five and walked two in his second career shutout and second	False
The right - hander was 0 - 4 in his previous six starts . The right - hander gave up two hits and struck out five in his second career shutout and second	False
Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Kyle Farnsworth pitched a perfect ninth	True
Kyle Farnsworth pitched a perfect ninth for his 25th save in 28 opportunities . Soriano 's homer was the first	False
The right - hander struck out one , walked five and hit a batter . Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 0 in the second	True
Tampa Bay went ahead 2 - 0 in the second on Ben Zobrist 's two - run homer and Nick Swisher 's RBI double . Martin led off the third	True
Martin led off the third with a homer to left - center off Bartolo Colon , who gave up two runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings . The Yankees tied it at 2 on Ben Zobrist 's two - run homer in the third	True
The Yankees tied it at 2 on Ben Zobrist 's two - run homer in the third . Zobrist put the Rays up 1 - 0 in the second	True
He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Delmon Young hit a three - run homer in the eighth	True
He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Delmon Young hit a three - run homer in the eighth , and Ryan Raburn had a two - run single in the eighth	True
He walked three and struck out three . Miguel Cabrera had three hits , including an RBI single in the third	True
He walked three and struck out three . Miguel Cabrera had three hits , including an RBI single in the third , and Victor Martinez added an RBI double in the fifth	True
Avila 's two - out , two - run double in the third gave the Tigers a 4 - 0 lead . Avila 's two - out RBI single made it 6 - 0 in the fifth	True
Avila 's two - out RBI single made it 6 - 0 in the fifth . Avila 's two - out RBI single made it 6 - 0 in the fifth	False
Avila 's two - out RBI single made it 6 - 0 in the fifth . Dirks added a two - run double in the eighth	False
Avila 's two - out RBI single made it 6 - 0 in the fifth . Dirks added a two - run double in the eighth , and Young hit a three - run homer off Josh Judy in the eighth	False
Dirks added a two - run double in the eighth , and Young hit a three - run homer off Josh Judy in the eighth to make it 11 - 0 . Don Kelly had an RBI single in the eighth	False
Dirks added a two - run double in the eighth , and Young hit a three - run homer off Josh Judy in the eighth to make it 11 - 0 . Don Kelly had an RBI single in the eighth , and Ryan Raburn had an RBI single in the eighth	False
Beltre 's two - run homer off Anthony Vasquez ( 1 - 5 ) in the second inning gave the Rangers a 2 - 0 lead . Beltre hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Beltre 's two - run homer off Anthony Vasquez ( 1 - 5 ) in the second inning gave the Rangers a 2 - 0 lead . Beltre hit a two - run homer in the second , and Craig Gentry added a two - run shot in the fourth	True
He struck out one and walked two . Neftali Feliz worked the ninth	True
The Mariners have lost four of five . Hamilton hit a solo homer in the third	True
The Mariners have lost four of five . Hamilton hit a solo homer in the third and a solo shot in the third	True
The Mariners have lost four of five . Hamilton hit a solo homer in the third and a solo shot in the third , his 14th	False
It was the fourth time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back home runs . Hamilton hit a solo shot in the third	True
It was the third time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back home runs . Beltre hit a two - run shot in the second inning and Craig Gentry added a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Beltre hit a two - run shot in the second inning and Craig Gentry added a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Rangers a 5 - 0 lead . It was Gentry 's fourth homer of the season and second	False
Beltre 's two - run shot in the fourth gave the Rangers a 5 - 0 lead . It was Beltre 's 21st homer of the season and second	False
It was Beltre 's 21st homer of the season and second in two games . The Rangers added a run in the sixth	True
Oswalt , who has been bothered by a strained muscle in his right side , is expected to miss the rest of the season . Ian Desmond hit an RBI double and scored on Oswalt 's wild pitch in the third	True
Ian Desmond hit an RBI double and scored on Oswalt 's wild pitch in the third to give the Nationals a 2 - 0 lead . Roger Bernadina added an RBI double in the eighth	False
He struck out four and walked two . The Phillies scored three runs in the third	True
Desmond followed with an RBI double to left - center to give the Nationals a 1 - 0 lead . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
It was the first homer allowed by Oswalt this season . Morse hit a three - run shot in the eighth	True
Britton ( 5 - 6 ) allowed one run and two hits in two - plus innings . Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth	True
Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Vladimir Guerrero . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Magglio Ordonez 's RBI single and Jones ' two - run homer . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Vladimir Guerrero . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Matt Wieters led off with a double and scored on Magglio Ordonez 's two - out single . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jones ' two - run homer . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Vladimir Guerrero . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Ian Kinsler hit a leadoff homer in the eighth inning and the Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 3 - 2 on Tuesday night to complete a three - game sweep . Ian Kinsler and Josh Hamilton homered off Grant Balfour ( 4 - 2 ) in the eighth	True
Ian Kinsler and Josh Hamilton homered off Grant Balfour ( 4 - 2 ) in the eighth to give the Rangers a 3 - 2 lead . Koji Uehara ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Koji Uehara ( 2 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Neftali Feliz pitched the ninth	True
Alex Martinez and Freddie Freeman homered for the Braves , who have lost three of four . Florida 's Michael Bourn had an RBI double in the second	True
Alex Martinez and Freddie Freeman homered for the Braves , who have lost three of four . Florida 's Michael Bourn had an RBI double in the second and a run - scoring double in the second	True
Florida 's Michael Bourn had an RBI double in the second and a run - scoring double in the second . Martin Prado had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the second	True
Martin Prado had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the second . Freeman 's 12th homer in the sixth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Sanches in five starts this season . The Marlins had a chance to take the lead in the sixth	True
The Marlins had a chance to take the lead in the sixth , loading the bases with one out , but Delgado struck out Dan Uggla to end the threat . The Marlins had runners on first	False
The Marlins had a chance to take the lead in the sixth , loading the bases with one out , but Delgado struck out Dan Uggla to end the threat . The Marlins had runners on first and second	False
The Marlins had a chance to take the lead in the sixth , loading the bases with one out , but Delgado struck out Dan Uggla to end the threat . The Marlins had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth	True
The Marlins had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth , but Delgado got Matt Dominguez to ground into an inning - ending double play . The Marlins had runners on first	False
The Marlins had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth , but Delgado got Matt Dominguez to ground into an inning - ending double play . The Marlins had runners on first and second	False
The Marlins had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth , but Delgado got Matt Dominguez to ground into an inning - ending double play . The Marlins had runners on first and second with one out in the sixth	False
He struck out five and walked one . Octavio Dotel got the final out in the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out six . Berkman hit a solo homer off Halladay in the first inning and Berkman added a two - out RBI single in the third	True
Berkman hit a solo homer off Halladay in the first inning and Berkman added a two - out RBI single in the third to give the Cardinals a 3 - 1 lead . Berkman hit a two - out homer in the first	True
Berkman hit a solo homer off Halladay in the first inning and Berkman added a two - out RBI single in the third to give the Cardinals a 3 - 1 lead . Berkman hit a two - out homer in the first and Berkman added a two - out RBI single in the third	True
Berkman hit a two - out homer in the first and Berkman added a two - out RBI single in the third to give the Cardinals a 3 - 1 lead . Albert Pujols had an RBI double in the seventh	False
He struck out six and walked four . The Phillies jumped ahead 2 - 0 in the first	True
The Phillies jumped ahead 2 - 0 in the first on a run - scoring single by Furcal and a run - scoring single by Albert Pujols . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out RBI single by Furcal . Berkman hit a two - out homer in the first	True
Vladimir Guerrero and Vernon Wells hit two - run homers for the Angels , who have won five of six . Aybar hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Aybar hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and a two - run shot in the fourth , his first multihomer game of the season . He added an RBI double in the eighth	True
Aybar hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and a two - run shot in the fourth , his first multihomer game of the season . He added an RBI double in the eighth , and Howie Kendrick added a two - run double in the eighth	False
The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first	True
Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first when Nick Markakis singled and scored on a double by Bobby Abreu , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . Guerrero hit a two - out triple in the first	True
Guerrero hit a two - out triple in the first and scored on a two - out single by Bobby Abreu . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Aybar led off with a single and scored on a double by Bobby Abreu , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . Wells hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Aybar led off with a single and scored on a double by Bobby Abreu , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . Wells hit a two - run homer in the fourth , and Guerrero hit a solo shot in the sixth	True
Minnesota took a 2 - 0 lead in the second inning on a run - scoring single by Joe Benson and a run - scoring groundout by Joe Smith . The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Verlander ( 24 - 5 ) allowed three hits and struck out six in his second start since coming off the disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side . Jose Valverde pitched a perfect ninth	True
The A 's have lost four of five . Jackson hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Jackson hit a solo homer in the sixth off Guillermo Outman to give the Tigers a 1 - 0 lead . Jackson led off the eighth	True
Jackson led off the eighth with a double and scored on Brandon Inge 's two - out double . The Tigers added a run in the ninth	True
The Tigers added a run in the ninth on Ramon Santiago 's RBI groundout . The A 's had runners on first	False
The Tigers added a run in the ninth on Ramon Santiago 's RBI groundout . The A 's had runners on first and second	False
The Tigers added a run in the ninth on Ramon Santiago 's RBI groundout . The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
Murphy hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the 13th inning , and the Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Donnie Hensley ( 5 - 6 ) struck out the side in the 11th	True
Murphy hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the 13th inning , and the Marlins beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Donnie Hensley ( 5 - 6 ) struck out the side in the 11th for the win , and Leo Nunez pitched a perfect 13th	True
It was the first game - ending hit of the season for Stanton , who struck out in his first two at - bats . The Nationals had runners on first	False
It was the first game - ending hit of the season for Stanton , who struck out in his first two at - bats . The Nationals had runners on first and second	False
It was the first game - ending hit of the season for Stanton , who struck out in his first two at - bats . The Nationals had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th	True
Strasburg allowed one run and four hits in six innings , walking none and striking out three . He was lifted for a pinch - hitter in the seventh	True
CINCINNATI -- Jay Bruce 's two - run homer in the 11th inning gave the Cincinnati Reds a 8 - 6 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . The Reds had a chance to tie it in the ninth	True
Darwin Barney had an RBI single off Francisco Cordero to cut it to 6 - 5 in the bottom half . Joey Votto singled off James Russell ( 1 - 6 ) with one out in the 11th	True
Nick Masset ( 3 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Sean Marshall pitched two scoreless innings and Aroldis Chapman worked around a pair of two - out walks in the ninth	True
The right - hander struck out nine and walked three . Andrew Cashner got the last two outs in the sixth	True
The right - hander struck out nine and walked three . Andrew Cashner got the last two outs in the sixth , and Kerry Wood pitched a perfect eighth	True
The right - hander struck out nine and walked three . Andrew Cashner got the last two outs in the sixth , and Kerry Wood pitched a perfect eighth , and Francisco Cordero gave up a run - scoring single to Darwin Barney in the ninth	False
The right - hander struck out two and did not walk a batter . Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
The Rays have lost six of seven . Tampa Bay went up 1 - 0 in the third	True
It was his first home run since July 26 . Reimold led off the third	True
He struck out nine and walked three . Ryan Madson pitched the ninth	True
It was the first homer of the season for Howard , who hit a three - run shot in the first inning of the Brewers ' 3 - 2 win over the Brewers on Tuesday . Howard 's homer was his fourth	False
Howard 's homer was his fourth of the season and first since July 26 . The Phillies scored three runs in the seventh	True
He struck out nine and walked three . The Brewers scored three runs in the ninth	True
The Brewers scored three runs in the ninth off Ryan Madson , who earned his 29th save in 30 chances . Milwaukee scored twice in the ninth	True
Milwaukee scored twice in the ninth on Jonathan Lucroy 's sacrifice fly and Yuniesky Betancourt 's sacrifice fly . Jonathan Lucroy hit a sacrifice fly in the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out two . Yuniesky Betancourt hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Milwaukee 's Corey Hart homered for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Ben Francisco 's two - out RBI single , but Hamels retired the next two batters to end the inning . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	False
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on Carlos Ruiz 's two - out RBI single . Pence added a run - scoring double in the ninth	False
Pence added a run - scoring double in the ninth off Frankie De La Cruz to make it 7 - 2 . Pence added an RBI double off Frankie De La Cruz in the ninth	True
Pence added an RBI double off Frankie De La Cruz in the ninth . Frankie Dillard , Philadelphia 's fifth pitcher , allowed a run in the ninth	True
Juan Rivera drove in four runs , Tony Gwynn Jr. hit a go - ahead , two - run double in the ninth inning and the Dodgers beat the Washington Nationals 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Tony Gwynn Jr. hit a two - out , two - run double in the ninth	True
Tony Gwynn Jr. hit a two - out , two - run double in the ninth off Drew Storen ( 6 - 3 ) , and Dee Gordon followed with an RBI single to make it 7 - 4 . Tony Gwynn Jr. hit a two - out , two - run double in the ninth	False
Rivera hit a two - run double and Rivera followed with a two - run double to make it 4 - 0 . Rivera added a two - run double in the third	True
Rivera hit a two - run double and Rivera followed with a two - run double to make it 4 - 0 . Rivera added a two - run double in the third and a two - run double in the third	True
Rivera added a two - run double in the third and a two - run double in the third to give the Dodgers a 4 - 0 lead . Rivera had a two - run double in the first	True
Rivera added a two - run double in the third and a two - run double in the third to give the Dodgers a 4 - 0 lead . Rivera had a two - run double in the first and a two - run double in the third	False
Rivera had a two - run double in the first and a two - run double in the third . Werth hit a two - run homer off Chad Billingsley in the third	True
Kenley Jansen ( 2 - 1 ) struck out three in a perfect eighth inning for the win . Andre Ethier had a two - run single in the sixth	True
Kenley Jansen ( 2 - 1 ) struck out three in a perfect eighth inning for the win . Andre Ethier had a two - run single in the sixth and a two - run single in the ninth	False
The White Sox were shut out for the second time this season , but they did n't get a runner to third base until the ninth inning . Danny Valencia led off the ninth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , Max Scherzer pitched seven shutout innings and the Detroit Tigers routed the Chicago White Sox 18 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cabrera hit a two - run double in the sixth inning and a two - run double in the sixth	True
He walked two and struck out four . Dirks hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Dirks hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Tigers a 16 - 0 lead . It was Dirks ' fourth homer of the season and second	False
It was Dirks ' fourth homer of the season and second in two days . Dirks hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
It was the first grand slam of the season for Dirks , who had a career - high four RBIs . The White Sox scored six runs in the sixth	True
The White Sox scored six runs in the sixth to make it 16 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run double in the sixth	True
The White Sox scored six runs in the sixth to make it 16 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run double in the sixth , and Dirks hit a two - run homer in the eighth	False
ATLANTA -- The Atlanta Braves had a chance to take the lead in the bottom of the ninth inning , but the Braves could n't come up with a big hit . Martin Prado singled home the winning run with two outs in the bottom of the ninth	True
Blake Hawksworth ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss . Jose Constanza led off the ninth	True
Blake Hawksworth ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss . Jose Constanza led off the ninth with a single off Blake Hawksworth , stole second	False
Jose Constanza led off the ninth with a single off Blake Hawksworth , stole second and scored on a pinch - hit single by Brooks Conrad . Craig Kimbrel ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
It was the first homer allowed by Kershaw , who allowed three runs and eight hits in seven innings . Jose Constanza led off the ninth	True
Jose Constanza followed with a single , and Martin Prado followed with a line - drive single to right . The Braves had runners on first	False
Jose Constanza followed with a single , and Martin Prado followed with a line - drive single to right . The Braves had runners on first and second	False
Jose Constanza followed with a single , and Martin Prado followed with a line - drive single to right . The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	True
The Braves had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Kimbrel struck out Juan Rivera to end the inning . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Jack Wilson led off with a single , stole second	False
The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Jack Wilson led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
Jack Wilson led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on catcher Aaron Miles ' throwing error . Gordon stole third	False
Gordon stole third and scored on Kemp 's two - out homer to left - center . Kemp hit a three - run homer in the third	True
Houston 's Carlos Lee hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning to cut the lead to 4 - 2 . The Astros added a run in the seventh	True
Kottaras had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth inning . He had an RBI single in the seventh	True
Kottaras had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth inning . He had an RBI single in the seventh and a run - scoring single in the seventh	True
Kottaras had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth inning . He had an RBI single in the seventh	True
Kottaras had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth inning . He had an RBI single in the seventh and a run - scoring single in the seventh	True
Kottaras had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth inning . He had an RBI single in the seventh	True
Kottaras had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth inning . He had an RBI single in the seventh and a run - scoring single in the seventh	True
Ryan Zimmerman 's two - run single in the bottom of the ninth gave the Nationals a three - run lead , and the Nationals rallied for a 8 - 7 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Ryan Parnell ( 3 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in one - third	True
Ryan Parnell ( 3 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up two runs and two hits in one - third of an inning . He walked pinch - hitter Jonny Gomes with one out in the bottom of the ninth	True
Zimmerman 's two - run single off Bobby Parnell ( 3 - 5 ) scored Gomes and pinch - runner Jonny Gomes . Ryan Parnell ( 3 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and two hits in one - third	True
Ryan Parnell ( 3 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and two hits in one - third of an inning . Sean Burnett ( 5 - 5 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Albert Pujols went 5 - for - 6 with a home run and six RBIs in the St. Louis Cardinals ' 16 - 7 victory over the Texas Rangers on Wednesday night . Pujols hit a three - run homer in the sixth inning and a two - run shot in the seventh	True
It was the first three - homer game of the season for the St. Louis Cardinals . Pujols hit a two - run shot off Mike Gonzalez in the seventh	True
It was the first three - homer game of the season for the St. Louis Cardinals . Pujols hit a two - run shot off Mike Gonzalez in the seventh to make it 14 - 6 , and Yadier Molina had a two - run double in St. Louis ' four - run fifth	True
Pujols hit a two - run shot off Mike Gonzalez in the seventh to make it 14 - 6 , and Yadier Molina had a two - run double in St. Louis ' four - run fifth . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Pujols hit a two - run shot off Mike Gonzalez in the seventh to make it 14 - 6 , and Yadier Molina had a two - run double in St. Louis ' four - run fifth . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the seventh and a two - run shot in the seventh	True
It was the first three - homer game of the season for Pujols , who had a career - high five hits and six RBIs in the first two games of the series against the Rangers . Pujols hit a two - run homer off Mike Gonzalez in the seventh	True
It was the first home run allowed by Oswalt in five starts this postseason . Jason Motte worked a perfect ninth	True
Braun homered three times and drove in six runs , Randy Wolf won for the first time in four starts and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the San Diego Padres 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Braun hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning and a two - run triple in the ninth	True
Braun hit a two - run homer in the fifth inning and a two - run triple in the ninth . He also had a two - run triple in the ninth	True
He also had a two - run triple in the ninth . Braun hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
He also had a two - run triple in the ninth . Braun hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a two - run triple in the ninth	False
Braun hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a two - run triple in the ninth . He also had a two - run triple in the ninth	True
He also had a two - run triple in the ninth . Braun hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
He also had a two - run triple in the ninth . Braun hit a solo homer in the fourth and a two - run triple in the ninth	False
He struck out eight and walked two . The Brewers took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Alex Gonzalez 's two - out , two - run double in the fourth made it 3 - 1 . The Brewers took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Brewers took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - run double by Yonder Alonso and a run - scoring double by Jason Bartlett . Braun homered off Ernesto Frieri in the seventh	True
It was his second career three - homer game . Braun hit a two - run triple in the ninth	True
The Phillies have lost five of their last six games . LaHair led off the second	True
LaHair led off the second with a double and scored on Starlin Castro 's sacrifice fly . Ian Stewart 's RBI groundout gave the Cubs a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
Ian Stewart 's RBI groundout gave the Cubs a 2 - 0 lead in the third . LaHair led off the second	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts , but he has n't won in his last three starts . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ryan Doumit 's two - run double and a sacrifice fly by Adrian Gonzalez . Saltalamacchia hit a two - run homer in the second	True
He struck out three and walked two . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a run - scoring double by Alexei Ramirez and a run - scoring single by Adam Dunn . The White Sox tied it at 2 in the third	True
The White Sox tied it at 2 in the third on a two - run triple by Kosuke Fukudome and a run - scoring double by Dustin Ackley . The White Sox tied it at 2 in the third	False
The White Sox tied it at 2 in the third on a two - run triple by Rios and a run - scoring double by Jesus Montero . The White Sox tied it in the fourth	True
The White Sox tied it in the fourth on a two - run triple by Fukudome and a run - scoring single by Jesus Montero . The White Sox tied it at 2 in the third	True
The White Sox tied it at 2 in the third on a two - run triple by Fukudome and a run - scoring single by Adam Dunn . But the White Sox tied it in the sixth	True
But the White Sox tied it in the sixth on a two - run triple by Rios and a run - scoring single by Dustin Ackley . The White Sox tied it at 5 in the sixth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last five starts . Jason Motte pitched the ninth	True
Reimold had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Howie Kendrick drove in three runs to lead the Angels to a 6 - 3 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . Reimold had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Reimold had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh that gave the Angels a 6 - 1 lead . Nolan Reimold hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
He struck out six and walked three . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Mark Trumbo 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Kendrick . The Angels made it 3 - 0 in the second	True
The Angels made it 3 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring single by Kendrick and a run - scoring double by Torii Hunter . Kendrick had a two - run single in the sixth	True
The Angels made it 3 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring single by Kendrick and a run - scoring double by Torii Hunter . Kendrick had a two - run single in the sixth , and Reimold hit a two - run homer in the seventh	False
Kendrick had a two - run single in the sixth , and Reimold hit a two - run homer in the seventh . It was his third homer of the season and second	False
Desmond Jennings homered and drove in two runs , and Evan Longoria homered and drove in four runs for the Rays , who have won five of six . Longoria had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Longoria had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth that gave Tampa Bay a 6 - 3 lead . Longoria had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth	False
Longoria had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth that put the Rays ahead 6 - 3 . Longoria had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth	False
Longoria had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth that put the Rays ahead 6 - 3 . Longoria had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth , and a run - scoring double in the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out four . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He walked two and struck out four . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ben Zobrist walked , stole second	False
He walked two and struck out four . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ben Zobrist walked , stole second , went to third	False
Toronto tied it in the bottom half on Lind 's RBI double . Toronto answered in the bottom half when Jennings hit a two - out , two - run homer , his first	False
Toronto answered in the bottom half when Jennings hit a two - out , two - run homer , his first of the season . Tampa Bay tied it at 3 in the fourth	True
Toronto answered in the bottom half when Jennings hit a two - out , two - run homer , his first of the season . Tampa Bay tied it at 3 in the fourth when Yunel Escobar hit a two - out single , stole second	False
Phil Hughes ( 1 - 2 ) gave up six runs -- two earned -- and six hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Mariano Rivera pitched a perfect ninth	True
Anthony Swarzak ( 0 - 3 ) gave up six runs and eight hits in 2 2/3 innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth	True
Granderson hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth . He also had a two - run shot in the sixth	True
He also had a two - run shot in the sixth . Granderson hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot off Jeff Gray in the fourth	True
It was the first three - homer game for the Yankees this season . Granderson hit a solo shot in the fourth	True
It was the first three - homer game for the Yankees this season . Granderson hit a solo shot in the fourth and a solo shot off Jeff Gray in the fourth	True
It was the first three - homer game for the Yankees this season . Granderson hit a solo shot in the fourth	True
It was the first three - homer game for the Yankees this season . Granderson hit a solo shot in the fourth and a solo shot in the fourth	True
It was the first three - homer game for the Yankees this season . Granderson hit a solo shot in the fourth	True
It was the first three - homer game for the Yankees this season . Granderson hit a solo shot in the fourth and a solo shot in the fourth	True
It was the first three - homer game for Granderson , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of the Twins ' 3 - 2 win over the Twins on Tuesday . Granderson hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
It was the first three - homer game for Granderson , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of the Twins ' 3 - 2 win over the Twins on Tuesday . Granderson hit a solo homer in the fourth and a solo shot off Jeff Gray in the fourth	True
It was the first three - homer game for Granderson this season . He also had a two - run shot in the first inning , a two - run shot off Jeff Gray in the sixth	True
It was the first time the Yankees had scored at least three runs in a game this season . Doumit hit a two - run homer off Jeff Gray in the sixth	True
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for the Houston Astros to get back to .500 . Jayson Werth drew a bases - loaded walk in the eighth inning and Wilson Ramos added a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Jayson Werth drew a bases - loaded walk in the eighth inning and Wilson Ramos added a sacrifice fly in the eighth as the Nationals beat the Houston Astros 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Washington took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Ryan Mattheus ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . Henry Rodriguez pitched the ninth	True
Henry Rodriguez pitched the ninth for his third save . Fernando Rodriguez ( 0 - 2 ) walked Danny Espinosa to lead off the eighth	True
Jayson Werth walked to force in a run , and Roger Bernadina followed with an RBI double to make it 2 - 1 . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI double by Jordan Schafer and a run - scoring groundout by Travis Buck . Houston tied it in the seventh	True
It was the fourth time this season the Indians have hit back - to - back home runs . Santana hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Jaso 's two - run homer in the third gave the Indians a 7 - 1 lead , and Santana 's three - run shot in the fifth made it 8 - 7 . Brendan Ryan drew a bases - loaded walk from Charlie Furbush ( 0 - 1 ) in the seventh	True
Rafael Perez ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless seventh inning for the win . Chris Perez pitched the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out one . The Mariners took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
It was Jaso 's first home run since July 26 , 2011 , against the New York Yankees . Santana hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
MILWAUKEE -- George Kottaras came through with a two - run double in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Milwaukee Brewers a 5 - 4 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday night . Mat Gamel led off the bottom of the ninth	True
MILWAUKEE -- George Kottaras came through with a two - run double in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Milwaukee Brewers a 5 - 4 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Friday night . Mat Gamel led off the bottom of the ninth with a single off Javy Guerra ( 1 - 1 ) , and pinch - runner Carlos Gomez stole second	False
Mat Gamel led off the bottom of the ninth with a single off Javy Guerra ( 1 - 1 ) , and pinch - runner Carlos Gomez stole second . Gomez stole third	False
Gomez stole third and scored on George Kottaras ' pinch - hit double . Jose Veras ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Jose Veras ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Andre Ethier hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Jonathan Lucroy and a run - scoring single by Rickie Weeks . The Dodgers added a run in the fifth	True
The Dodgers added a run in the fifth when Juan Rivera doubled and scored on a single by Cesar Izturis . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by James Loney and a run - scoring single by Rickie Weeks . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by James Loney and a run - scoring single by Rickie Weeks . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
He has n't allowed a run in his first three starts this season . Carlos Ruiz hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
He walked one and struck out one . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Jimmy Rollins ' RBI single and Freddy Galvis ' two - run double . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
Pence followed with an RBI single to give the Phillies a 2 - 1 lead . Philadelphia took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Philadelphia took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Rollins and a two - run double by Freddy Galvis . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Victorino 's two - out RBI single . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
Jones hit a two - run homer and drove in two runs , Tommy Hanson pitched five solid innings and the Braves beat the Houston Astros 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Jones hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the third	True
He allowed two runs on six hits with eight strikeouts and three walks in five - plus innings . Tyler Pastornicky hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Tyler Pastornicky hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Astros , who have lost five of their last six games . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Brian McCann walked and scored on a double by Marwin Gonzalez . The Braves tied it at 1 in the third	True
The Braves tied it at 1 in the third on an RBI double by Dan Uggla . The Braves tied it in the third	True
The Braves tied it in the third on a two - out RBI single by Chris Johnson . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Brewers jumped on Paul Maholm for five runs in the first inning , including a three - run homer by Alex Gonzalez . The Brewers scored three times in the first	True
The Brewers scored three times in the first . Aramis Ramirez reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second	False
Alfonso Soriano hit a two - run single and Lucroy added a run - scoring single to cut Milwaukee 's lead to 6 - 3 . Lucroy added an RBI single in the seventh	True
Lucroy added an RBI single in the seventh off Rafael Lopez to make it 7 - 3 . Soto homered off Jose Veras leading off the ninth	True
He struck out one and walked one . Santana hit a two - run homer off Joel Carreno ( 0 - 1 ) in the fifth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Santana , who has hit safely in 13 of his last 13 games . The Indians , who have lost four of five , took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Indians , who have lost four of five , took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Brett Lawrie and a run - scoring double by Edwin Encarnacion . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Shin-Soo Choo led off with a single , stole second	False
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second . Shin-Soo Choo led off with a single , stole second and went to third	False
Bell ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Bell ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up two runs in the ninth	True
He struck out six , walked two and hit a batter . Jay Bruce led off the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . Bruce homered off Edward Mujica in the eighth	True
He struck out five and walked two . Bruce homered off Edward Mujica in the eighth , his third	False
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 9.00 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers ' Carlos Gomez hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Aramis Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the third inning for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . The Dodgers scored in the second	True
The Dodgers scored in the second on an RBI single by Rickie Weeks and a run - scoring single by Martin Maldonado . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by A. J. Ellis and a run - scoring single by Martin Maldonado . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
Willingham 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Twins a 4 - 0 lead . Willingham hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Willingham hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Twins a 4 - 0 lead . Willingham hit a two - run homer in the fifth	False
Willingham hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Twins a 4 - 0 lead . Willingham hit a two - run homer in the fifth	False
Willingham hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Twins a 4 - 0 lead . Willingham hit a two - run homer in the fifth	False
Willingham hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Twins a 4 - 0 lead . Willingham hit a two - run homer in the fifth	False
Sale ( 6 - 2 ) gave up three hits , walked two and struck out a season - high 15 . Addison Reed pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander struck out 10 and walked one . Dunn hit a two - run homer off Matt Moore in the sixth	True
Dexter Fowler had a career - high four hits , including a leadoff triple in the 10th inning , and the Colorado Rockies beat the Houston Astros 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Fowler went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and three RBIs , and Justin Maxwell added a pinch - hit homer in the sixth	True
Fowler went 4 - for - 4 with a homer and three RBIs , and Justin Maxwell added a pinch - hit homer in the sixth for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Josh Roenicke ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
Josh Roenicke ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th for his first major league win . Brett Myers ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing one run on two hits and a walk in one - third	True
Brett Myers ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing one run on two hits and a walk in one - third of an inning . Fowler had four hits , including a leadoff triple in the 10th	True
Fowler had four hits , including a leadoff triple in the 10th , and scored on a single by Marwin Gonzalez . The Rockies took a 6 - 4 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out two and walked one . The Rockies took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Brian Bogusevic , who had three hits . The Rockies tied it at 2 in the fourth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Paul Konerko hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
He struck out two and walked five . Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth	True
Heath Bell pitched a perfect ninth for his fourth save in five chances . The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Omar Infante and a run - scoring single by Casey Kotchman . Shin-Soo Choo 's RBI single in the second made it 2 - 0 , but the Marlins tied it in the third	False
Shin-Soo Choo 's RBI single in the second made it 2 - 0 , but the Marlins tied it in the third on a sacrifice fly by Giancarlo Stanton and a sacrifice fly by Greg Dobbs . The Marlins tied it in the sixth	True
The Marlins tied it in the sixth . Bryan Sipp ( 0 - 2 ) issued a leadoff walk to Travis Hafner , who stole second	False
The Marlins tied it in the sixth . Bryan Sipp ( 0 - 2 ) issued a leadoff walk to Travis Hafner , who stole second and advanced to third	False
Hanley Ramirez then hit a sacrifice fly to give the Indians a 3 - 2 lead . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Omar Infante and a run - scoring double by Casey Kotchman . Omar Infante drove in a run with a fielder 's choice in the third	True
The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Omar Infante and a run - scoring double by Casey Kotchman . Omar Infante drove in a run with a fielder 's choice in the third , and the Marlins went ahead 2 - 1 in the third	True
Omar Infante drove in a run with a fielder 's choice in the third , and the Marlins went ahead 2 - 1 in the third on Bryan Petersen 's RBI triple and Carlos Santana 's sacrifice fly . The Marlins tied it in the sixth	True
Omar Infante drove in a run with a fielder 's choice in the third , and the Marlins went ahead 2 - 1 in the third on Bryan Petersen 's RBI triple and Carlos Santana 's sacrifice fly . The Marlins tied it in the sixth on a sacrifice fly by Greg Dobbs , but the Indians tied it in the eighth	False
He struck out eight and walked one . Nick Markakis hit a solo homer off Ryan Mattheus ( 2 - 1 ) in the 11th	True
Kevin Gregg ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Pedro Strop pitched the 11th	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Adam Jones ' RBI single , but the Orioles tied it in the bottom half on Desmond 's two - out homer . Baltimore tied it in the bottom of the inning on Desmond 's two - out homer , his third	False
Baltimore tied it in the bottom of the inning on Desmond 's two - out homer , his third of the season . Baltimore tied it in the bottom half on Desmond 's two - out homer , his second	False
The Nationals tied it in the bottom of the inning on Bryce Harper 's two - out single . Bryce Harper was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second	False
Bryce Harper was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Ryan Zimmerman 's single to center in the second inning . The Orioles loaded the bases with one out in the second	True
Matusz ( 3 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six - plus innings . Jim Johnson pitched the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Royals scored three runs in the third	True
It was the first homer allowed by Hochevar this season . The Orioles scored three runs in the seventh	True
Chris Davis had three hits for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Royals right - hander Pedro Strop pitched a perfect eighth	True
Chris Davis had three hits for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Royals right - hander Pedro Strop pitched a perfect eighth , and Jim Johnson pitched the ninth	False
Royals right - hander Pedro Strop pitched a perfect eighth , and Jim Johnson pitched the ninth for his 14th save in 16 opportunities . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a run - scoring double by Johnny Giavotella and a two - run double by Humberto Quintero . Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Hochevar in his last five starts . Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He struck out 10 and walked two . Gonzalez ( 5 - 1 ) gave up a two - run homer to Josh Harrison in the seventh	True
He allowed three runs and four hits , striking out 10 and walking two . Henry Rodriguez pitched the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . LaRoche hit a two - out , three - run double in the seventh	True
It was the first grand slam of the season for LaRoche , who hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning of Thursday 's 3 - 2 win over the Pirates . The Nationals scored three runs in the seventh	True
Bryce Harper led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Casey McGehee . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Harrison 's two - out RBI single . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Minnesota took a 6 - 5 lead in the second inning on a run - scoring single by Prince Fielder and a run - scoring single by Miguel Cabrera . The Twins tied it in the second	True
The Twins tied it in the second on a run - scoring single by Joe Mauer and a run - scoring single by Ryan Doumit . The Tigers tied it in the second	True
The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on an RBI double by Austin Jackson and a run - scoring single by Ryan Doumit . The Tigers tied it in the second	True
The right - hander struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Alberto Callaspo drove in the Angels ' first run with a two - out double in the third	True
The right - hander struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Alberto Callaspo drove in the Angels ' first run with a two - out double in the third , and Albert Pujols drove in a run with a single in the fifth	True
Alberto Callaspo drove in the Angels ' first run with a two - out double in the third , and Albert Pujols drove in a run with a single in the fifth . Trout homered off Jerry Blevins to make it 4 - 0 in the seventh	True
Trout homered off Jerry Blevins to make it 4 - 0 in the seventh . Trout led off the seventh	True
Trout led off the seventh with his 19th homer of the season , a drive into the right - field seats on a 3 - 2 pitch from Jerry Blevins . It was his third homer of the season and second	False
It was his third homer of the season and second in two days . Trout homered off Scott Downs in the seventh	True
It was the first home run for Doumit , who hit a two - run shot in the fifth inning off Nick Hagadone to give the Indians a 4 - 1 lead . Ryan Doumit added a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Ryan Doumit added a two - run homer in the eighth for the Indians , who have won four of five . Joe Smith ( 3 - 1 ) got the last out of the eighth	False
Joe Smith ( 3 - 1 ) got the last out of the eighth for the win . Chris Perez pitched the ninth	True
Capps ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up a run on two hits and a walk while striking out none . Casey Kotchman hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 1.71 ERA in his last four starts . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth	True
Josh Outman ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in two - thirds of an inning . Tyler Colvin hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Andre Ethier led off with a single and scored on a single by Juan Uribe . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	False
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on a two - out single by Juan Uribe . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	False
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on a two - out single by Juan Uribe . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	False
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on a two - out single by Juan Uribe . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	False
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on an RBI single by Juan Uribe . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	False
He struck out four and walked four . Casey Janssen pitched a perfect ninth	True
Minnesota 's Brian Duensing pitched two scoreless innings in relief of Hutchison . Francisco Cordero pitched the eighth	True
Minnesota 's Brian Duensing pitched two scoreless innings in relief of Hutchison . Francisco Cordero pitched the eighth and Casey Janssen worked a perfect ninth	True
Francisco Cordero pitched the eighth and Casey Janssen worked a perfect ninth for his second save . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Adam Lind 's two - out single . The Blue Jays tied it in the fifth	True
The Blue Jays tied it in the fifth on a two - out , two - run homer by Bautista . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Matt Drabek ( 2 - 4 ) gave up three runs and four hits in 4 1/3 innings for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Bautista hit his second homer of the game , a solo shot in the sixth	True
It was the second time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back home runs . Bautista hit a two - run shot in the sixth	True
It was the second time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back home runs . Bautista hit a two - run shot in the sixth	True
Bautista hit a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Twins a 6 - 2 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Bautista , who had a two - run shot in the sixth inning and a two - run homer in the sixth	True
It was the third time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back home runs . Bautista hit a two - run shot in the sixth	True
It was the third time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back home runs . Thames hit a two - run shot off Glen Perkins in the sixth	True
It was the third time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back homers . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the first	True
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the first on a two - run single by Bautista and a two - run single by Darin Mastroianni . The Blue Jays tied it at 2 in the fourth	True
David Wright had two hits and drove in a run for the Phillies . Jon Rauch pitched the ninth	True
He struck out one and walked two . Manny Acosta ( 1 - 2 ) got the last two outs in the seventh	True
Chad Qualls ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Hunter Pence 's two - run homer and Daniel Murphy 's run - scoring single . Pence hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Pence hit a two - run homer in the first off Batista , who allowed four runs -- two earned -- and eight hits in 5 1/3 innings . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by David Wright and a run - scoring double by Daniel Murphy . The Mets added three runs in the second	True
He struck out nine and walked one . Hanley Ramirez hit a solo homer off Wandy Rodriguez in the ninth	True
He struck out two and walked two . Giancarlo Stanton hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Houston 's Jose Reyes extended his hitting streak to a career - high 11 games with a single in the second inning . He was hit by a pitch in the first inning and was hit by a pitch to load the bases with one out in the fourth	True
He was hit by a pitch in the first inning and was hit by a pitch to load the bases with one out in the fourth . Jose Altuve singled with one out in the fourth	True
Jose Altuve singled with one out in the fourth , but Zambrano retired the next two batters to end the inning . The Astros had runners on first	False
Jose Altuve singled with one out in the fourth , but Zambrano retired the next two batters to end the inning . The Astros had runners on first and second	False
Jose Altuve singled with one out in the fourth , but Zambrano retired the next two batters to end the inning . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the second	True
He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Bruce hit a three - run homer in the fourth	True
Bruce hit a three - run homer in the fourth to give the Reds a 5 - 1 lead . Bruce hit a three - run homer in the fourth	False
It was the first homer of the season for Bruce , who hit a three - run shot in Tuesday 's 3 - 2 win over the Brewers . Cozart tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
Cozart tied it at 1 in the fourth with his 16th homer of the season , a drive into the right - field seats . It was Cozart 's 21st of the season and second	False
It was Cozart 's 21st of the season and second in two games . Cozart tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
Cozart tied it at 1 in the fourth with his 16th homer of the season , a line drive into the right - field seats . It was Cozart 's 21st of the season and second	False
He walked three and struck out four . Daric Barton had a two - run double and B. J. Upton added a solo homer in the fifth	True
Jonny Gomes had two hits and two RBIs for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Oakland took a 5 - 4 lead in the third	True
Oakland took a 5 - 4 lead in the third on Yoenis Cespedes ' RBI single and a sacrifice fly by Jeff Keppinger . Inge 's sacrifice fly made it 9 - 5 in the seventh	True
He struck out five and walked two . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . Dunn hit a solo homer in the first inning , and Jackson led off the bottom of the first	True
Dunn hit a solo homer in the first inning , and Jackson led off the bottom of the first with his fourth homer of the season . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
It was Fielder 's 19th homer of the season . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
It was Fielder 's 19th homer of the season . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Adam Dunn 's solo homer and Alejandro De Aza 's leadoff homer in the bottom of the first	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Adam Dunn 's solo homer and Alejandro De Aza 's leadoff homer in the bottom of the first . Jackson led off the bottom of the first	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Adam Dunn 's solo homer and Alejandro De Aza 's leadoff homer in the bottom of the first . Jackson led off the bottom of the first with his fourth homer of the year , and the Tigers added a run in the third	False
Jackson led off the bottom of the first with his fourth homer of the year , and the Tigers added a run in the third on a double - play grounder by Dayan Viciedo . The White Sox had runners on first	False
Jackson led off the bottom of the first with his fourth homer of the year , and the Tigers added a run in the third on a double - play grounder by Dayan Viciedo . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
Jackson led off the bottom of the first with his fourth homer of the year , and the Tigers added a run in the third on a double - play grounder by Dayan Viciedo . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
CINCINNATI -- Scott Rolen 's sacrifice fly in the bottom of the 10th inning gave the Cincinnati Reds a 4 - 3 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . The Reds had a chance to win it in the ninth	True
Cincinnati 's Homer Bailey allowed three runs and nine hits in six innings , leaving with a 3 - 0 lead . Geovany Soto led off the fifth	True
The Cubs have lost five of six . The Cubs had a chance to score in the ninth	True
The Cubs had a chance to score in the ninth when Ryan Ludwick drew a bases - loaded walk from Carlos Marmol with the bases loaded to force in a run . The Cubs had runners on first	False
The Cubs had a chance to score in the ninth when Ryan Ludwick drew a bases - loaded walk from Carlos Marmol with the bases loaded to force in a run . The Cubs had runners on first and second	False
The Cubs had a chance to score in the ninth when Ryan Ludwick drew a bases - loaded walk from Carlos Marmol with the bases loaded to force in a run . The Cubs had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	True
The Cubs had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Aroldis Chapman struck out pinch - hitter Todd Frazier and Jay Bruce to end the threat . The Cubs had runners on first	False
The Cubs had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Aroldis Chapman struck out pinch - hitter Todd Frazier and Jay Bruce to end the threat . The Cubs had runners on first and second	False
The Cubs had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Aroldis Chapman struck out pinch - hitter Todd Frazier and Jay Bruce to end the threat . The Cubs had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	False
He struck out five and walked one . The Diamondbacks scored three runs in the seventh	True
The Diamondbacks have lost six of seven . Washington 's Ian Desmond had two hits , including an RBI single off Ryan Mattheus in the eighth	True
Washington 's Ian Desmond had two hits , including an RBI single off Ryan Mattheus in the eighth . The Nationals had runners on first	False
Washington 's Ian Desmond had two hits , including an RBI single off Ryan Mattheus in the eighth . The Nationals had runners on first and second	False
Washington 's Ian Desmond had two hits , including an RBI single off Ryan Mattheus in the eighth . The Nationals had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
The Nationals had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but David Hernandez got Wilson Ramos to ground into an inning - ending double play . The Nationals had runners on first	False
The Nationals had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but David Hernandez got Wilson Ramos to ground into an inning - ending double play . The Nationals had runners on first and second	False
The Nationals had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but David Hernandez got Wilson Ramos to ground into an inning - ending double play . The Nationals had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	False
The Nationals had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but David Hernandez got Wilson Ramos to ground into an inning - ending double play . Ryan Mattheus , Bryan Shaw and David Hernandez each got one out in the eighth	True
The Nationals had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but David Hernandez got Wilson Ramos to ground into an inning - ending double play . Ryan Mattheus , Bryan Shaw and David Hernandez each got one out in the eighth , and Ryan Perry gave up a run - scoring single to Justin Upton in the ninth	True
Alex Gordon 's RBI double in the sixth made it 9 - 3 . Alex Gordon had an RBI double in the sixth	True
Alex Gordon had an RBI double in the sixth , and Jhonny Peralta had an RBI single in the inning . Don Kelly 's RBI single made it 9 - 0 in the fourth	True
Alex Gordon had an RBI double in the sixth , and Jhonny Peralta had an RBI single in the inning . Don Kelly 's RBI single made it 9 - 0 in the fourth , and Jhonny Peralta had an RBI single in the fourth	True
Don Kelly 's RBI single made it 9 - 0 in the fourth , and Jhonny Peralta had an RBI single in the fourth to make it 9 - 0 . Alex Gordon had an RBI double in the sixth	True
The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his first six starts against the Yankees this season . Davis had a two - run double in the sixth	True
The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.75 ERA in his first six starts against the Yankees this season . Davis had a two - run double in the sixth and a two - run double in the sixth	True
Davis had a two - run double in the sixth and a two - run double in the sixth to make it 7 - 1. J. J. Hardy hit a two - run homer off Phil Hughes ( 1 - 4 ) in the third	True
J. J. Hardy hit a two - run homer off Phil Hughes ( 1 - 4 ) in the third to give the Yankees a 1 - 0 lead . Curtis Granderson hit a solo shot in the second	True
Curtis Granderson hit a solo shot in the second for the Yankees , who have lost four of five . Davis hit a two - run double in the sixth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Hughes this season . Davis hit a solo homer in the second	True
It was the first home run allowed by Hughes this season . Davis hit a solo homer in the second and Davis added a two - run shot in the third	True
He struck out six and walked one . Davis hit a two - run homer in the third	True
It was the first home run allowed by Hughes in five starts this season . Davis homered in the second	True
Braun hit two of Milwaukee 's three home runs , Mike Fiers struck out a career - high 10 in six innings and the Brewers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Braun hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and added a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Braun hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and added a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Brewers a 5 - 0 lead . Ransom hit a three - run homer in the fourth	True
Braun hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and added a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Brewers a 5 - 0 lead . Ransom hit a three - run homer in the fourth and Braun added a two - run shot in the fourth	True
He walked one and struck out two . Carlos Gomez hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
He walked one and struck out two . Carlos Gomez hit a solo homer in the sixth and Miguel Montero added a solo shot in the ninth	False
He struck out five and walked two . Lopez had a career - high five hits , including a run - scoring single in the fourth	True
He struck out five and walked two . Lopez had a career - high five hits , including a run - scoring single in the fourth and a run - scoring single in the fourth	True
Lopez had a career - high five hits , including a run - scoring single in the fourth and a run - scoring single in the fourth . He also had a run - scoring single in the fourth	True
Lopez had a career - high five hits , including a run - scoring single in the fourth and a run - scoring single in the fourth . He also had a run - scoring single in the fourth and a run - scoring single in the fifth	False
Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Choo and a run - scoring single by Jason Kipnis . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Choo and a run - scoring single by Lopez . Baltimore went up 5 - 1 in the fourth	True
He struck out 11 and did not walk a batter . Robinson Cano hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Heath Bell pitched the ninth	True
Hunter Pence homered and drove in a run for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Philadelphia went ahead 1 - 0 in the first	True
Philadelphia went ahead 1 - 0 in the first when Carlos Ruiz led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Shane Victorino . The Marlins tied it in the third	True
Stanton hit his 21st homer in the first inning , a solo shot to left - center . The Marlins tied it at 1 in the third	True
Stanton hit his 21st homer in the first inning , a solo shot to left - center . The Marlins tied it at 1 in the third when Reyes singled , stole second	False
The Marlins tied it at 1 in the third when Reyes singled , stole second and scored on a sacrifice fly by Shane Victorino . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Stanton and a run - scoring single by Reyes . Stanton 's homer in the first inning was his 21st of the season and second	False
Stanton 's homer in the first inning was his 21st of the season and second in two nights . Pence hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Erik Bedard ( 4 - 8 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Ruiz had three hits , including a solo homer off Juan Cruz in the eighth	True
Ruiz had three hits , including a solo homer off Juan Cruz in the eighth . Jonathan Papelbon gave up a solo homer to Michael McKenry in the ninth	False
Placido Polanco had two hits and drove in a run for the Pirates , who have lost five of six . Placido Polanco had a pinch - hit RBI double in the seventh	True
He struck out six , walked none and hit a batter . Cruz hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
He struck out six , walked none and hit a batter . Cruz hit a three - run homer in the fifth and a three - run shot in the fifth	True
Cruz hit a three - run homer in the fifth and a three - run shot in the fifth to make it 11 - 1 . Cruz hit a two - run homer in the fifth	False
Cruz hit a three - run homer in the fifth and a three - run shot in the fifth to make it 11 - 1 . Cruz hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a solo shot in the fifth	False
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Cruz , who hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning of a 6 - 4 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Cruz had three hits , including a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Michael Cuddyer had two hits and drove in two runs for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Texas had a season - high 16 hits , including three in the fifth	True
Texas had a season - high 16 hits , including three in the fifth . The Rockies scored five runs in the fifth	True
The Rockies scored five runs in the fifth to take a 11 - 1 lead . Cruz hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
The Rockies scored five runs in the fifth to take a 11 - 1 lead . Cruz hit a three - run homer in the fifth and Nieves hit a two - run shot in the fifth	True
It was the first homer allowed by Lewis , who allowed eight runs and a career - high 12 hits in four innings . The Rockies scored three runs in the fifth	True
He struck out six and walked one . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Mike Napoli hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Mike Napoli hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . The Rockies had a chance to score in the seventh	True
The Rockies had a chance to score in the seventh when they loaded the bases with one out , but Oswalt struck out Ian Kinsler and Michael Young to end the threat . The Rockies got a run back in the seventh	True
The Rockies got a run back in the seventh when Dexter Fowler doubled and scored on a double by Nelson Cruz . The Rangers had runners on first	False
The Rockies got a run back in the seventh when Dexter Fowler doubled and scored on a double by Nelson Cruz . The Rangers had runners on first and second	False
The Rockies got a run back in the seventh when Dexter Fowler doubled and scored on a double by Nelson Cruz . The Rangers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
The Rangers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Guillermo Moscoso struck out Michael Young to end the threat . The Rockies had a chance to score in the eighth	True
But Joe Nathan struck out the side for his 16th save in 18 chances . The Rockies had a chance to score in the seventh	True
Scott Atchison ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Alfredo Aceves pitched a perfect ninth	True
Edward Mujica ( 0 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . Middlebrooks had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Middlebrooks had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth that made it 5 - 3 . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Greg Dobbs and a run - scoring single by Omar Infante . Miami took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	False
Greg Dobbs had a two - run single and Omar Infante added an RBI single for a 3 - 0 lead . Miami tied it in the fourth	True
Miami tied it in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Mike Aviles . Stanton 's solo homer in the sixth made it 5 - 3 , and Middlebrooks hit a two - run homer in the eighth	False
He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Kendrys Morales led off the eighth	True
Kendrys Morales led off the eighth with a homer off Shane Loux for San Francisco , which has won five of its last six games . Trumbo led off the eighth	True
Trumbo led off the eighth with a homer off Shane Loux , who was recalled from Triple-A Fresno earlier in the day . Trumbo led off the eighth	True
He walked two and struck out two . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double in the sixth made it 5 - 0 . Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third	True
Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double in the sixth made it 5 - 0 . Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third , and Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third	True
Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third , and Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third to give the Rockies a 4 - 0 lead . Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third	True
Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third , and Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third to give the Rockies a 4 - 0 lead . Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third , and Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third	False
Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third , and Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third to give the Rockies a 4 - 0 lead . Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third	True
Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third , and Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third to give the Rockies a 4 - 0 lead . Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third , and Ramon Santiago hit a two - run single in the third	False
He walked five and struck out four . The Rockies scored three runs in the fourth	True
Prince Fielder 's sacrifice fly in the ninth made it 4 - 1 . The Rockies had runners on first	False
Prince Fielder 's sacrifice fly in the ninth made it 4 - 1 . The Rockies had runners on first and second	False
Prince Fielder 's sacrifice fly in the ninth made it 4 - 1 . The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Fister got Chris Nelson to ground into a double play . The Rockies had runners on first	False
The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Fister got Chris Nelson to ground into a double play . The Rockies had runners on first and second	False
The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Fister got Chris Nelson to ground into a double play . The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Matt Reynolds struck out Brennan Boesch to end the threat . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Matt Reynolds struck out Brennan Boesch to end the threat . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jackson walked , stole second	False
The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Matt Reynolds struck out Brennan Boesch to end the threat . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jackson walked , stole second , took third	False
CHICAGO -- Jhonny Peralta 's throwing error in the bottom of the eighth inning helped the Chicago Cubs rally for a 4 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Jhonny Peralta had a throwing error that allowed a run to score in the eighth	True
Jhonny Peralta had a throwing error that allowed a run to score in the eighth , and Austin Jackson tied it with a two - run single in the bottom half . Carlos Marmol ( 1 - 2 ) got the last two outs of the eighth	False
Carlos Marmol ( 1 - 2 ) got the last two outs of the eighth for the win . Shawn Camp pitched the ninth	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Barney 's RBI groundout . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when David DeJesus hit a two - out single and scored on Barney 's groundout . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when David DeJesus hit a two - out single and scored on Barney 's groundout . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Steve Clevenger walked , stole second	False
He struck out seven and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out seven and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Delmon Young singled , stole second	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Delmon Young singled , stole second and scored on Ramon Santiago 's two - out pinch - hit single . Jackson 's two - run single off Casey Coleman made it 3 - 3 in the seventh	True
The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts . The right - hander gave up five hits and struck out six , including the side in the seventh	True
He walked six and struck out five . Robinson Cano had an RBI single in the first	True
He walked six and struck out five . Robinson Cano had an RBI single in the first and Raul Ibanez led off the second	True
Robinson Cano had an RBI single in the first and Raul Ibanez led off the second with a homer to give the Yankees a 2 - 0 lead . The Yankees added a run in the third	True
Robinson Cano had an RBI single in the first and Raul Ibanez led off the second with a homer to give the Yankees a 2 - 0 lead . The Yankees added a run in the third when Nick Swisher walked , stole second	False
Robinson Cano had an RBI single in the first and Raul Ibanez led off the second with a homer to give the Yankees a 2 - 0 lead . The Yankees added a run in the third when Nick Swisher walked , stole second , moved to third	False
The Yankees added a run in the third when Nick Swisher walked , stole second , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Robinson Cano 's single to center . The Yankees had runners on first	False
The Yankees added a run in the third when Nick Swisher walked , stole second , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Robinson Cano 's single to center . The Yankees had runners on first and second	False
The Yankees added a run in the third when Nick Swisher walked , stole second , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Robinson Cano 's single to center . The Yankees had runners on first and second with no outs in the third	True
The Yankees had runners on first and second with no outs in the third , but Nova escaped the jam by striking out Brian McCann and Russell Martin . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Alex Rodriguez 's double and a run - scoring single by Robinson Cano . Atlanta 's Derek Jeter extended his hitting streak to a career - high 13 games with a single in the first	True
He struck out four and walked two . Jason Motte pitched the ninth	True
He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Carlos Beltran hit a solo homer in the third	True
The Cardinals have lost six of their last seven games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . Shane Robinson doubled and scored on Rafael Furcal 's sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
The Padres have lost six of seven . San Diego 's Brandon Belt added an RBI single in the ninth	True
The right - hander , who signed a $ 125 million , six - year contract with the Angels in December , struck out eight and walked two in his first start of the season . Jason Isringhausen worked a 1 - 2 - 3 eighth	True
The right - hander , who signed a $ 125 million , six - year contract with the Angels in December , struck out eight and walked two in his first start of the season . Jason Isringhausen worked a 1 - 2 - 3 eighth , and Jordan Walden pitched the ninth	True
Billingsley ( 3 - 4 ) allowed one run and six hits in seven innings , striking out three and walking one . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth	True
He struck out 12 and walked one . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Hunter Pence 's RBI single . Hunter Pence drove in Philadelphia 's only run with a two - out single in the first	True
Hunter Pence drove in Philadelphia 's only run with a two - out single in the first . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Chris Snyder had a two - run single in the first inning for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Brian Bogusevic hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Garcia in five starts this season . Brian Bogusevic hit his first homer of the season in the fourth	True
Brian Bogusevic hit his first homer of the season in the fourth to cut the lead to 6 - 4 . Brian Bogusevic hit his first homer of the season in the fourth	False
Houston starter Jordan Lyles ( 1 - 1 ) allowed five hits and two runs with three strikeouts in seven innings . Brett Myers pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Zack Cozart hit a two - run homer in the third inning and Marwin Gonzalez singled in a run in the fifth	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning when Chris Johnson led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jordan Schafer . The Reds tied it in the third	True
He struck out eight and walked three in his second complete game of the season . Prince Fielder and Alex Rodriguez hit back - to - back homers in the third	True
The Yankees have lost four of five . Jeter hit a leadoff homer in the first inning , and Rodriguez homered in the third	True
John Jaso doubled in the go - ahead run in the 12th inning , and the Seattle Mariners rallied for a 10 - 8 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . John Jaso had an RBI double in the 12th	True
John Jaso had an RBI double in the 12th , and Chone Figgins added an RBI single off Addison Reed ( 0 - 1 ) . Beckham had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Beckham had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth that gave the Mariners a 5 - 3 lead . It was Beckham 's fourth homer of the season and second	False
It was the third time this season the Mariners have hit back - to - back home runs . Beckham had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Beckham had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth that gave the Mariners a 5 - 3 lead . It was Beckham 's fourth homer of the season and second	False
It was Beckham 's fourth homer of the season and second in two days . He also had a two - run double in the eighth	True
Tom Wilhelmsen ( 2 - 1 ) pitched three scoreless innings for the win . Hisashi Iwakuma pitched a scoreless 12th	True
Hisashi Iwakuma pitched a scoreless 12th for his second save . The White Sox took a 7 - 6 lead in the eighth	True
Hisashi Iwakuma pitched a scoreless 12th for his second save . The White Sox took a 7 - 6 lead in the eighth on Brendan Ryan 's two - run double and Dayan Viciedo 's solo homer in the eighth	True
It was the second time this season the Mariners have hit back - to - back homers . The White Sox tied it at 7 in the eighth	True
It was the second time this season the Mariners have hit back - to - back home runs . The White Sox tied it at 7 in the seventh	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Mike Trout and Albert Pujols hit back - to - back homers in the fourth inning , leading the Los Angeles Angels to a 6 - 2 victory over the Texas Rangers on Friday night . Trout hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Mike Trout and Albert Pujols hit back - to - back homers in the fourth inning , leading the Los Angeles Angels to a 6 - 2 victory over the Texas Rangers on Friday night . Trout hit a two - run homer in the sixth and Pujols added a solo shot in the sixth	True
He struck out five and walked four . Pujols ' homer in the fourth	True
He struck out five and walked four . Pujols ' homer in the fourth was his second	False
Pujols ' homer in the fourth was his second of the game , and Trout 's two - run shot in the sixth gave the Angels a 4 - 0 lead . Trout hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Pujols ' homer in the fourth was his second of the game , and Trout 's two - run shot in the sixth gave the Angels a 4 - 0 lead . Trout hit a two - run homer in the sixth , and Hunter added a two - run double in the seventh	False
Trout hit a two - run homer in the sixth , and Hunter added a two - run double in the seventh . Torii Hunter had a two - run double in the seventh	True
Trout hit a two - run homer in the sixth , and Hunter added a two - run double in the seventh . Torii Hunter had a two - run double in the seventh , and David Murphy had a two - run double in the seventh	False
Verlander ( 11 - 7 ) gave up four runs -- three earned -- and six hits in five innings , striking out six and walking four . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a bases - loaded walk to Jacoby Ellsbury and a run - scoring single by Pedro Ciriaco . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Miguel Cabrera 's bases - loaded walk . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Carl Crawford , but the Tigers tied it in the bottom half on a run - scoring single by Pedro Ciriaco and a run - scoring single by Jacoby Ellsbury . Detroit took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
Detroit took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Pedro Ciriaco and a run - scoring single by Jacoby Ellsbury . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
Detroit took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Pedro Ciriaco and a run - scoring single by Jacoby Ellsbury . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Omar Infante led off with a double , took third	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Omar Infante led off with a double , took third on a single by Jarrod Saltalamacchia and scored on a single by Pedro Ciriaco . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Carl Crawford , but the Red Sox tied it in the bottom half on a run - scoring single by Pedro Ciriaco and a bases - loaded walk to Jacoby Ellsbury . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by Pedro Ciriaco , but the Red Sox tied it in the bottom half on Jacoby Ellsbury 's bases - loaded walk . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The right - hander gave up three hits and four walks in 5 2/3 innings , striking out a season - high 12 . Luis Ayala worked the eighth	True
The right - hander gave up three hits and four walks in 5 2/3 innings , striking out a season - high 12 . Luis Ayala worked the eighth and Darren O'Day worked the eighth	False
The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third	True
Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third when J. J. Hardy led off with a double and scored on a double by Yoenis Cespedes . Wieters hit a three - run homer in the third	True
Wieters hit a three - run homer in the third to give the Orioles a 4 - 0 lead . In the fifth	True
In the fifth , Adam Jones doubled in a run and Wieters hit a two - run homer for a 4 - 0 lead . Quintanilla homered in the sixth	True
It was his first home run since May 21 . Quintanilla homered in the sixth	True
Rizzo hit a two - run homer off Shawn Camp in the 10th inning to give the Cubs a 4 - 2 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Rizzo had three hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Rizzo had three hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth off Trevor Rosenthal ( 0 - 1 ) that gave the Cubs a 4 - 2 lead . Carlos Beltran hit a tying homer in the eighth	True
Carlos Beltran hit a tying homer in the eighth off Shawn Camp to tie the game at 2 . Carlos Beltran hit a tying homer off Shawn Camp in the eighth	True
Carlos Beltran hit a tying homer off Shawn Camp in the eighth . Starlin Castro singled with one out in the 10th	False
He struck out five and walked one . St. Louis went ahead 2 - 0 in the first	True
St. Louis went ahead 2 - 0 in the first when David DeJesus doubled and scored on Tyler Greene 's sacrifice fly . The Cardinals tied it in the seventh	True
He struck out nine and walked none . Craig Kimbrel struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Utley 's homer in the fourth gave the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . It was Utley 's fourth homer of the season and second	False
It was Utley 's fourth homer of the season and second in two games . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Martin Prado led off with a double and scored on Heyward 's single to right . Heyward 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 in the third	True
He struck out five and walked one . Hughes ( 10 - 8 ) gave up a solo homer to Dustin Pedroia in the first inning and a solo shot to Jarrod Saltalamacchia in the fourth	True
Aaron Cook ( 2 - 4 ) gave up six runs and seven hits in four innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Granderson hit a three - run homer in the eighth	True
Granderson hit a three - run homer in the eighth off Mark Melancon , who was making his major league debut . Granderson hit a three - run homer off Mark Melancon in the eighth	True
Granderson hit a three - run homer off Mark Melancon in the eighth to make it 10 - 3 . Granderson hit a three - run homer off Mark Melancon in the eighth	False
Granderson hit a three - run homer off Mark Melancon in the eighth to make it 10 - 3 . Martin hit a two - run shot off Mark Melancon in the eighth	True
Martin hit a two - run shot off Mark Melancon in the eighth to make it 10 - 3 . Granderson hit a three - run homer in the eighth	True
Jamey Wright ( 4 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing one run and three hits in 1 1/3 innings . Rafael Furcal singled in pinch - runner Joe Kelly with the winning run with one out in the 12th	True
Rafael Furcal singled in pinch - runner Joe Kelly with the winning run with one out in the 12th against Scott Elbert . Rafael Furcal singled in pinch - runner Joe Kelly with the winning run in the ninth	True
Rafael Furcal singled in pinch - runner Joe Kelly with the winning run in the ninth . Furcal 's RBI single off Scott Elbert in the sixth tied it at 2 , but the Cardinals tied it in the sixth	False
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
David Freese hit a two - out double in the bottom half and scored on Ramirez 's two - out single to give the Dodgers a 2 - 1 lead . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth	True
Ramirez 's RBI single in the sixth tied the game 2 - all . The Cardinals had a chance to add to the lead in the ninth	True
Ramirez 's RBI single in the sixth tied the game 2 - all . The Cardinals had a chance to add to the lead in the ninth when Matt Carpenter singled with one out and went to third	False
Correia ( 8 - 6 ) gave up two runs and four hits in six innings , striking out four and walking two . Joel Hanrahan pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out six and did not walk a batter for the second time in his last four starts . Rizzo hit a solo homer in the first inning and a two - out RBI single in the third	True
Rizzo hit a solo homer in the first inning and a two - out RBI single in the third to give the Pirates a 3 - 2 lead . The Pirates took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Pirates took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Garrett Jones ' two - out RBI double . The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the inning when McKenry hit a solo home run , his first	False
The Pirates tied it in the bottom of the inning when McKenry hit a solo home run , his first of the season . The Pirates took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Pirates took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Rizzo 's two - out , two - run homer . The Pirates tied it in the third	True
It was the first home run of the season for Walker , who hit a two - run shot in Tuesday 's 6 - 4 win over the Chicago Cubs . The Pirates took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
Ludwick had an RBI double and scored on a single by Chris Heisey to make it 3 - 0 . The Astros added two more runs in the fifth	True
The Astros added two more runs in the fifth on an RBI double by Frazier and a run - scoring double by Marwin Gonzalez . The Astros added a run in the seventh	True
The Astros added a run in the seventh on an RBI double by Scott Rolen and a run - scoring single by Ryan Hanigan . The Astros added three runs in the eighth	True
Enerio Del Rosario gave up a run - scoring single to Jay Bruce and a run - scoring single to Marwin Gonzalez , who was called up from Triple-A Oklahoma City earlier in the day . Frazier doubled in a run in the eighth	True
Frazier doubled in a run in the eighth and scored on a single by Ryan Hanigan to push the lead to 8 - 2 . Ryan Hanigan had an RBI single in the eighth	True
Juan Uribe hit a two - run homer , Chris Capuano pitched seven effective innings and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the New York Mets 8 - 5 on Tuesday night . James Loney had an RBI single in the first inning and a two - run homer in the ninth	True
He struck out nine and walked one . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out two . Uribe hit a two - run homer off Ronald Belisario in the ninth	True
It was Uribe 's third homer in two games and his first since Aug. 1 . Uribe hit a two - run homer off Ronald Belisario in the ninth	True
Uribe hit a two - run homer off Ronald Belisario in the ninth . It was Uribe 's third homer of the season and second	False
James Loney hit an RBI single and Matt Kemp followed with a two - out RBI triple to make it 4 - 2 . Ronny Cedeno hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
He walked four and struck out five . Michael Morse hit a three - run homer in the first inning and Brian McCann added a two - run shot in the sixth	True
Michael Morse hit a three - run homer in the first inning and Brian McCann added a two - run shot in the sixth for a 7 - 0 lead . Danny Espinosa hit a solo homer in the ninth	False
Danny Espinosa hit a solo homer in the ninth off Craig Kimbrel , who blew a save for the third time in 30 chances this season . Paul Janish singled in a run in the bottom of the 11th	False
Paul Janish singled in a run in the bottom of the 11th , and Chipper Jones followed with a two - run single to make it 9 - 9 . The Nationals scored two runs in the ninth	True
The Nationals scored two runs in the ninth off Tyler Clippard , who blew a save for the first time in 13 chances . Paul Janish singled , stole second	False
Eric O'Flaherty ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th inning for the win . Chad Durbin pitched a perfect 11th	True
Chad Durbin pitched a perfect 11th for his first save . The Braves scored three runs in the fourth	True
The Astros have won four of five . Volquez allowed one hit and struck out five in his second career shutout and second	False
The Astros have lost six of their last seven games . Houston 's Logan Forsythe had an RBI single in the first	True
Houston 's Logan Forsythe had an RBI single in the first , but the Astros did n't get another hit until the sixth inning . The Astros had runners on first	False
Houston 's Logan Forsythe had an RBI single in the first , but the Astros did n't get another hit until the sixth inning . The Astros had runners on first and second	False
Houston 's Logan Forsythe had an RBI single in the first , but the Astros did n't get another hit until the sixth inning . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
CINCINNATI -- Brandon Phillips had a chance to get his first career hit , a two - run double in the seventh inning that gave the Cincinnati Reds a 7 - 6 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night . Phillips had a two - run double in the seventh inning and a two - run double in the seventh	True
Phillips had a two - run double in the seventh inning and a two - run double in the seventh that gave the Reds a 6 - 0 lead . Phillips had a two - run double in the seventh	True
Phillips had a two - run double in the seventh inning and a two - run double in the seventh that gave the Reds a 6 - 0 lead . Phillips had a two - run double in the seventh off Bryan Shaw ( 1 - 4 ) , who gave up four runs -- two earned -- in one - third	True
Alfredo Simon ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of relief for the win . Aroldis Chapman struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Paul Goldschmidt had two hits and drove in a run for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Hill had a run - scoring single in the first inning and a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Hill had a run - scoring single in the first inning and a two - run homer in the sixth off Mike Hernandez that made it 6 - 0 . Phillips hit a two - run shot off David Hernandez in the sixth	True
Phillips hit a two - run shot off David Hernandez in the sixth , his third homer of the season and first since July 8 . The Diamondbacks added a run in the seventh	False
He struck out five and walked two . Montero hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added an RBI double in the seventh	True
Montero had three hits and drove in four runs for the Mariners , who have won four of five . Montero hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a run - scoring single in the fifth	True
Montero hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a run - scoring single in the fifth . He also had an RBI double in the seventh	True
He also had an RBI double in the seventh . Montero had three hits , including a run - scoring double in the seventh	True
Montero had three hits , including a run - scoring double in the seventh . He also had an RBI double in the seventh	True
He also had an RBI double in the seventh . Montero hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a run - scoring single in the fifth	True
Montero hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a run - scoring single in the fifth . He also had an RBI double in the seventh	True
He also had an RBI double in the seventh . Montero had two doubles and a sacrifice fly in the ninth	False
Ross hit a pair of three - run homers , Felix Doubront pitched six strong innings and the Red Sox beat the Chicago White Sox 10 - 1 on Tuesday night . Ross hit a three - run homer in the third inning and a three - run shot in the fourth	True
Casper Wells hit a two - run homer , Jesus Montero had a two - run single and the Royals beat the Seattle Mariners 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Billy Butler led off the bottom of the ninth	True
Billy Butler led off the bottom of the ninth with a home run off Josh Kinney ( 0 - 1 ) , who was making his major league debut . It was Butler 's second career game - ending homer and the first	False
It was the first walkoff homer of the season for Butler , who had three hits . Greg Holland ( 4 - 2 ) worked a perfect ninth	True
Lee homered and drove in four runs , Omar Infante hit a two - run homer and the Miami Marlins beat the Chicago Cubs 9 - 5 on Tuesday night . Lee hit a three - run homer in the fifth inning and added a three - run shot in the fifth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . Heath Bell pitched a perfect eighth	True
He struck out six and walked two . Lee hit a three - run homer off Sanchez in the fifth	True
He struck out six and walked two . Lee hit a three - run homer off Sanchez in the fifth and added a three - run shot in the fifth	True
Lee hit a three - run homer off Sanchez in the fifth and added a three - run shot in the fifth to make it 8 - 2 . Infante hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
It was the first homer allowed by Wood in his last five starts . The Marlins scored three times in the fourth	True
Lee led off with a double and scored on Austin Kearns ' single . Infante hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Infante hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Marlins a 3 - 0 lead . It was the first homer for Infante , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
It was the first homer allowed by Wood in his last five starts . The Marlins added a run in the sixth	True
BOSTON -- Adrian Gonzalez hit a tiebreaking grand slam in the eighth inning , and the Boston Red Sox beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer off Leyson Septimo ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth	True
The White Sox have won four of five . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer off Nate Jones in the eighth	True
It was the second time this season the Red Sox have hit back - to - back homers . Vicente Padilla ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
It was the second time this season the Red Sox have hit back - to - back homers . Vicente Padilla ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win and Alfredo Aceves pitched a scoreless eighth	True
He struck out a career - high eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Gonzalez 's RBI single . The White Sox tied it in the bottom half when Carl Crawford led off with a single , stole second	False
The White Sox tied it in the bottom half when Carl Crawford led off with a single , stole second and scored on a single by Pedro Ciriaco . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The White Sox tied it in the bottom half when Carl Crawford led off with a single , stole second and scored on a single by Pedro Ciriaco . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Cody Ross doubled , took third	False
Gordon Beckham doubled in the go - ahead run in the 14th inning , and the White Sox rallied to beat the Kansas City Royals 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . The White Sox trailed 5 - 3 in the fifth	True
Gordon Beckham doubled in the go - ahead run in the 14th inning , and the White Sox rallied to beat the Kansas City Royals 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . The White Sox trailed 5 - 3 in the fifth before rallying for a 7 - 6 lead in the eighth	True
Dylan Axelrod ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Addison Reed gave up a run in the bottom of the ninth	True
Addison Reed gave up a run in the bottom of the ninth , but the White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Gordon Beckham 's RBI double and A. J. Pierzynski 's two - out single . The White Sox tied it 7 - all in the eighth	True
The White Sox tied it 7 - all in the eighth on Alcides Escobar 's two - out , two - run triple off Nate Jones . The Royals tied it at 6 in the eighth	True
The Royals tied it at 6 in the eighth on a two - out , two - run triple by Alcides Escobar . The White Sox tied it 7 - all in the eighth	True
The White Sox tied it 7 - all in the eighth on Gordon Beckham 's two - out RBI double . The White Sox tied it 7 - all in the eighth	False
The White Sox tied it 7 - all in the eighth on a two - run homer by Dayan Viciedo . The Royals tied it at 7 in the eighth	True
He struck out six and walked one . J. J. Putz pitched the ninth	True
Ellis hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Chad Billingsley ( 4 - 9 ) to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 0 lead . Gerardo Parra had a two - run double in the fifth	True
Ellis hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Chad Billingsley ( 4 - 9 ) to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 0 lead . Gerardo Parra had a two - run double in the fifth to put Arizona up 3 - 2 , but Ellis homered off Josh Lindblom in the seventh	True
Gerardo Parra had a two - run double in the fifth to put Arizona up 3 - 2 , but Ellis homered off Josh Lindblom in the seventh to cut the lead to 4 - 3 . Kubel added a solo shot off Josh Lindblom in the eighth	False
Kubel added a solo shot off Josh Lindblom in the eighth , his 16th of the season . Kubel added a solo shot in the eighth	True
It was the first homer for Hairston , who hit a three - run shot in the Dodgers ' 3 - 2 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Kubel added a solo shot off Josh Lindblom in the eighth	True
It was the second time this season the Diamondbacks have hit back - to - back home runs . Ellis , who hit a two - run homer in the first inning Friday night , added a solo shot in the seventh	True
He walked four and struck out three . The Mets scored three times in the fifth	True
Johnson led off with a double and scored on Joe Mather 's sacrifice fly . Rizzo hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Johnson led off with a double and scored on Joe Mather 's sacrifice fly . Rizzo hit a three - run homer in the fifth , and Jeff Baker added a solo shot in the fifth	True
Rizzo hit a three - run homer in the fifth , and Jeff Baker added a solo shot in the fifth to give the Mets a 5 - 2 lead . It was the first homer for Rizzo , who had a career - high four hits , including a three - run homer in the fifth	True
It was the first homer for Rizzo , who had a career - high four hits , including a three - run homer in the fifth that gave the Cubs a 5 - 2 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Santana this season , and the first	False
It was the first homer allowed by Santana this season , and the first of his career . Johnson led off the fifth	True
Johnson led off the fifth with a double and scored on Ronny Cedeno 's double to right - center . Johnson led off the fifth	True
Trout had a pair of sacrifice flies for the Orioles , who have won four of five . LaTroy Hawkins ( 2 - 1 ) got the last two outs in the fourth	True
LaTroy Hawkins ( 2 - 1 ) got the last two outs in the fourth for the win . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander struck out three and walked three . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Angels tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Trout , who had two sacrifice flies . The Angels tied it at 4 in the fourth	True
Dodgers manager Don Mattingly was ejected in the seventh inning for arguing a called third strike . Elian Herrera hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
He struck out three and walked three . Kenley Jansen struck out the side in the ninth	True
Wade Miley ( 9 - 5 ) gave up four runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings , striking out four and walking two . Scott Van Slyke hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Scott Van Slyke hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Diamondbacks , who have lost five of six . The Diamondbacks had a chance to score in the first	True
Juan Rivera followed with an RBI double , and A. J. Ellis grounded into a double play . Los Angeles tied it in the second	True
Los Angeles tied it in the second on a run - scoring single by Luis Cruz , a two - out RBI single by Juan Rivera and a run - scoring single by Luis Cruz . Los Angeles took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Los Angeles took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Stephen Drew and a run - scoring single by Luis Cruz . Los Angeles took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
He struck out eight and walked one . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked five . Robinson Cano hit a two - run homer off Gavin Floyd ( 6 - 8 ) in the second inning and Eric Chavez hit a two - run shot in the third	True
The White Sox have lost six of their last seven games . The White Sox had a chance to score in the first	True
Alex Rios followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . The White Sox had runners on first	False
Alex Rios followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
Alex Rios followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the second	True
Cano hit a two - run homer in the bottom half to give the Yankees a 4 - 2 lead . It was Cano 's fourth homer of the season and second	False
It was Cano 's fourth homer of the season and second in two games . Chavez hit a two - run homer in the third	True
He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth	True
Bobby Parnell ( 4 - 3 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Ike Davis hit an RBI double in the eighth	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Phillies took a 4 - 1 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 4 - 1 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Howard and a two - run shot by Baxter . The Mets tied it in the fifth	True
The Mets tied it in the fifth on a two - run homer by Howard . The Mets tied it in the fifth	False
The Mets tied it in the fifth on a two - run homer by Howard . The Mets tied it in the eighth	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox tied it in the bottom half on Ross ' two - out , two - run triple off the Green Monster . Boston took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	True
Boston took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on a two - run double by Ross and a run - scoring double by Ross . The Red Sox took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	False
Ross ' RBI single in the sixth made it 5 - 1 and chased Matsuzaka . Andrew Bailey pitched the eighth	True
Ross ' RBI single in the sixth made it 5 - 1 and chased Matsuzaka . Andrew Bailey pitched the eighth and Andrew Bailey worked the ninth	False
Eric Thames homered off Liam Hendriks ( 0 - 7 ) with one out in the eighth inning to give the Mariners a 1 - 0 lead . It was Thames ' second homer of the season and second	False
The Dodgers have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game West Coast trip that concludes Sunday . Stanton hit his 22nd homer in the fourth	True
The Marlins tied it in the bottom half on a two - out , two - run homer by Rob Brantly . Stanton tied it 1 - 1 in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run homer by Edwin Encarnacion , a two - run single by Matt Wieters and a run - scoring single by Nick Markakis . Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the third	True
Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the third when Hardy doubled and scored on a fielder 's choice by Jones . Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the third	False
Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the third on a run - scoring single by Hardy and a run - scoring single by Jones . In the bottom half , Encarnacion hit a two - run homer off Johnson , and Machado added an RBI single in the sixth	True
The Yankees have lost six of seven . Brantley hit a three - run homer in the first	True
It was Brantley 's third homer in two games and first since July 26 . The Indians added a run in the sixth	True
Alonso 's two - run single in the sixth gave the Padres a 6 - 2 lead . The Diamondbacks added three runs in the eighth	True
He struck out four and walked two . Arizona 's Aaron Hill hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Arizona 's Aaron Hill hit a solo homer in the eighth off J. J. Putz , who had not allowed a run in his previous 13 appearances . The Diamondbacks added a run in the eighth	True
The Diamondbacks added a run in the eighth on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Alexi Amarista and a bases - loaded walk to Yasmani Grandal . Cameron Maybin had a bases - loaded walk in the eighth	True
He struck out three and walked one . Kinsler had a leadoff homer in the first	True
He struck out three and walked one . Kinsler had a leadoff homer in the first , then added a two - run triple in the third	True
Kinsler had a leadoff homer in the first , then added a two - run triple in the third to make it 9 - 0 . Mitch Moreland hit a three - run homer in the second	True
Mitch Moreland hit a three - run homer in the second for the Twins , who have lost five of six . Robbie Ross Jr. gave up a run in the seventh	True
Mitch Moreland hit a three - run homer in the second for the Twins , who have lost five of six . Robbie Ross Jr. gave up a run in the seventh and Tanner Scheppers struck out two in a perfect eighth	True
Mitch Moreland hit a three - run homer in the second for the Twins , who have lost five of six . Robbie Ross Jr. gave up a run in the seventh and Tanner Scheppers struck out two in a perfect eighth before Glen Perkins pitched a scoreless eighth	True
The Rangers had a season - high 16 hits , including three doubles by Nelson Cruz , who had two hits and scored a run . Morneau had four hits , including a solo homer in the fourth	True
It was his third career four - hit game . Kinsler had three hits , including a three - run triple in the third	True
Kinsler had three hits , including a three - run triple in the third that gave the Rangers a 9 - 0 lead . Kinsler had three hits , including a three - run triple in the third	False
Kinsler had three hits , including a three - run triple in the third that gave the Rangers a 9 - 0 lead . Kinsler had three hits , including a three - run triple in the third	False
Kinsler had three hits , including a three - run triple in the third that gave the Rangers a 9 - 0 lead . It was Kinsler 's fourth leadoff homer of the season and second	False
It was Kinsler 's fourth leadoff homer of the season and second in two games . He had a two - run triple in the eighth	True
The Marlins scored three runs in the first inning , including a two - run homer by Jose Reyes , and a two - run shot by Juan Rivera . Hanley Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Brandon Crawford had an RBI single and Matt Kemp drove in a run with a sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 0 . The Giants scored three runs in the fourth	True
Buster Posey hit a two - run single and Brandon Crawford drove in a run with a single . The Giants scored three runs in the fourth	True
Buster Posey hit a two - run single and Angel Pagan had a two - out RBI double to make it 4 - 0 . The Giants scored three runs in the fourth	True
Saunders hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning and the Mariners beat the Minnesota Twins 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Michael Saunders hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on John Jaso 's bases - loaded walk . Seattle took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
Seattle took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Trevor Plouffe and a run - scoring double by Eric Thames . Saunders hit a two - run homer off Jeff Gray in the seventh	True
It was the first home run allowed by Minnesota this season . Saunders hit a two - run homer off Jeff Gray in the seventh	True
Saunders hit a two - run homer off Jeff Gray in the seventh to give Seattle a 4 - 1 lead . Thames added an RBI double in the seventh	False
Thames added an RBI double in the seventh . Thames added an RBI double in the seventh	False
Josh Willingham led off the second inning with a double and scored on Trevor Plouffe 's sacrifice fly . The Twins took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Angels , who have lost three of four , scored four runs in the second inning to take a 4 - 0 lead . Ryan Roberts hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Ryan Roberts hit a two - run homer in the fifth for a 6 - 1 lead . It was his third homer of the season and second	False
It was his third homer of the season and second in two days . Pujols tied it in the sixth	True
It was the first time this season the Rays have hit back - to - back homers . Pujols hit a solo shot off Wade Davis in the sixth	True
It was the first time this season the Rays have hit back - to - back homers . Pujols hit a solo shot off Wade Davis in the sixth , and Trout led off the sixth	True
Pujols hit a solo shot off Wade Davis in the sixth , and Trout led off the sixth with his 22nd homer to make it 6 - 2 . The Angels added two more runs in the ninth	False
The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 3.23 ERA in his last five starts . Harper led off the fifth	True
Harper led off the fifth with a triple and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . Harper led off the fifth	True
Harper led off the fifth with a triple and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single to make it 5 - 1 . Harper led off the fifth	True
Harper led off the fifth with a triple and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . Harper led off the fifth	True
Harper led off the fifth with a triple and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . Harper led off the fifth	True
Harper led off the fifth with a triple and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . Harper led off the fifth	True
Harper led off the fifth with a triple and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's single . Harper led off the fifth	True
He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect ninth	True
He 's hitting .320 with two doubles , three homers and nine RBIs in his last 10 games . The Mets added a run in the eighth	True
Kendrick ( 6 - 9 ) struck out seven and walked one in his longest outing of the season . Michael Martinez hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Brian Schneider added a two - run double in the eighth	True
Michael Martinez hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Brian Schneider added a two - run double in the eighth . Brown hit a three - run double in the third	True
Michael Martinez hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Brian Schneider added a two - run double in the eighth . Brown hit a three - run double in the third , and Brian Schneider added a two - run double in the eighth	False
He struck out four and walked two . Brown hit a two - run double in the third	True
Brown hit a two - run double in the third to give Philadelphia a 5 - 0 lead . Brown hit a two - run double in the eighth	True
Brown hit a two - run double in the third to give Philadelphia a 5 - 0 lead . Brown hit a two - run double in the eighth and Brian Schneider added a two - run double in the eighth	False
Brown hit a two - run double in the eighth and Brian Schneider added a two - run double in the eighth for the Phillies , who have won four of five . Brown hit a two - run double in the third	True
Brown hit a two - run double in the eighth and Brian Schneider added a two - run double in the eighth for the Phillies , who have won four of five . Brown hit a two - run double in the third , and Brian Schneider added a two - run double in the eighth	False
He walked two and struck out four . The Brewers had runners on first	False
He walked two and struck out four . The Brewers had runners on first and second	False
He walked two and struck out four . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Kendrick struck out Rickie Weeks to end the threat . The Brewers had runners on first	False
The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Kendrick struck out Rickie Weeks to end the threat . The Brewers had runners on first and second	False
The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Kendrick struck out Rickie Weeks to end the threat . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	False
He walked four and struck out five . Ryan Braun hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Aramis Ramirez hit a solo homer for the Brewers . Erik Kratz led off the second inning with a solo shot to right , his fourth	False
Aramis Ramirez hit a solo homer for the Brewers . Erik Kratz led off the second inning with a solo shot to right , his fourth of the season and second	False
Erik Kratz led off the second inning with a solo shot to right , his fourth of the season and second in two games . Ryan Howard added an RBI double in the third	True
Ryan Howard added an RBI double in the third to make it 4 - 1 . Braun hit a two - run homer off Jonathan Papelbon in the eighth	True
Trout homered and drove in three runs , and Evan Longoria and Carlos Pena also went deep for the Rays , who have won five of six . Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Jake McGee ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander was charged with seven runs and six hits in 4 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Angels scored three runs in the first	True
The Angels scored three runs in the first , including a two - run double by Ben Zobrist and a run - scoring single by Mark Trumbo . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
It was the fourth time this season the Angels have hit back - to - back homers . Longoria 's two - run shot in the fifth made it 8 - 7 , and Pena 's two - run shot off Kevin Jepsen ( 2 - 2 ) made it 10 - 8 in the eighth	True
It was the fourth time this season the Angels have hit back - to - back homers . Trout had a run - scoring single in the second inning and a run - scoring single in the fifth	True
Trout had a run - scoring single in the second inning and a run - scoring single in the fifth . He also had a run - scoring single in the fifth	True
The Angels took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Trout and a run - scoring single by Mark Trumbo , who had an RBI single in the first inning . The Angels made it 8 - 0 in the second	True
The Braves have won five of six . Jones hit a two - run homer off Jason Marquis ( 8 - 11 ) in the first inning and added a solo shot in the fifth	True
Jones hit a two - run homer off Jason Marquis ( 8 - 11 ) in the first inning and added a solo shot in the fifth . Jones hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a solo shot in the fifth	False
Jones hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a solo shot in the fifth . Jones hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a solo shot in the fifth	False
Jones hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a solo shot in the fifth . Jones hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Hart hit a three - run homer in the eighth inning to lift the Brewers to a 7 - 4 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Hart hit a two - out , three - run homer off Josh Lindblom ( 2 - 3 ) to give the Brewers a 7 - 4 lead in the eighth	True
He struck out 12 and did n't walk a batter for the third time this season . The Phillies took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth	True
The Phillies took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth on Kevin Frandsen 's three - run double and a solo homer by Aramis Ramirez . Braun hit a solo homer in the first	True
The Phillies took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth on Kevin Frandsen 's three - run double and a solo homer by Aramis Ramirez . Braun hit a solo homer in the first and a solo shot in the fourth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Braun , who had been 0 - for - 8 in his previous four games . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Ryan Howard and a run - scoring single by Frandsen . The Phillies tied it at 2 in the third	True
SEATTLE -- Felix Hernandez had his best stuff of the season on the mound , and the Seattle Mariners did n't need much offense . Hernandez struck out 12 in his second	True
Hernandez struck out 12 in his second no - hitter of the season , and the Mariners beat the Tampa Bay Rays 1 - 0 on Tuesday night . Hernandez ( 11 - 5 ) struck out 12 and walked none in his second	False
He threw 77 of his 113 pitches for strikes . He threw 77 of his 113 pitches for strikes in the first	True
He threw 77 of his 113 pitches for strikes in the first no - hitter in Safeco Field history . It was the second	False
He threw 77 of his 113 pitches for strikes in the first no - hitter in Safeco Field history . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second	False
It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first no - hitter in the majors this season . It was the second no - hitter in the majors this season , and the first	False
He struck out four and walked two . The Brewers took a 5 - 4 lead in the fifth	True
The Brewers took a 5 - 4 lead in the fifth on Nyjer Morgan 's two - run single and Jean Segura 's sacrifice fly . The Brewers tied it at 5 in the seventh	False
The Brewers tied it at 5 in the seventh on a two - run single by Nyjer Morgan and a two - out , two - run double by Nelson . The Rockies took a 5 - 4 lead in the fifth	True
The Rockies took a 5 - 4 lead in the fifth on a run - scoring double by Corey Hart and a run - scoring double by Rickie Weeks . Milwaukee tied it in the seventh	True
Anibal Sanchez ( 6 - 10 ) gave up five runs and 12 hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Tigers , who have lost five of six . Mastroianni had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Mastroianni had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh that gave the Twins an 8 - 1 lead . It was the first three - run homer of the season for Doumit , who hit a two - run shot in the ninth	True
It was the first three - run homer of the season for Doumit , who hit a two - run shot in the ninth off Duane Below to give the Twins an 8 - 1 lead . Mastroianni had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Mastroianni had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh that gave the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . It was the first three - run homer of the season for Doumit , who hit a two - run shot in the ninth	True
It was the first three - run homer of the season for Doumit , who hit a two - run shot in the ninth off Duane Below to give the Twins an 8 - 1 lead . Mastroianni had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh	True
It was the first three - homer game of Doumit 's career . He also had a two - run homer in the ninth	True
He also had a two - run homer in the ninth off Duane Below to make it 8 - 1 . Doumit had three hits , including a three - run homer in the seventh	True
It was the first home run allowed by Sanchez in five starts this season . The Tigers scored three times in the eighth	True
BALTIMORE -- Manny Machado hit a two - run homer in the second inning , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Kansas City Royals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Manny Machado hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Nick Markakis added a solo shot in the fifth	True
Manny Machado hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Nick Markakis added a solo shot in the fifth to give the Orioles a 4 - 3 lead . In the sixth	True
Baltimore went up 5 - 3 in the bottom half . Nate McLouth led off with a single , stole second	False
The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . Luis Ayala ( 4 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Luis Ayala ( 4 - 3 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Jim Johnson worked the ninth	True
Billy Butler led off with a double and scored on a single by Brayan Pena . Moustakas homered in the fourth	True
Baltimore tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Brayan Pena . In the bottom half , Machado hit a two - run homer , his first	False
Brian Bogusevic singled home the winning run in the bottom of the inning to lift the Astros to a 4 - 3 win over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . The Astros trailed 3 - 1 before scoring two runs in the seventh	True
Rickie Weeks doubled to start the inning and scored on a double by Ryan Braun to give Houston a 3 - 1 lead . Rickie Weeks doubled and scored on a single by Corporan to make it 3 - 1 in the seventh	True
Rickie Weeks doubled and scored on a single by Corporan to make it 3 - 1 in the seventh . Wilton Lopez ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Wilton Lopez ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . John Axford ( 4 - 7 ) took the loss , allowing two runs -- one earned -- on two hits and a walk in one - third	True
John Axford ( 4 - 7 ) took the loss , allowing two runs -- one earned -- on two hits and a walk in one - third of an inning . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Nyjer Morgan reached on an error by third baseman Carlos Gomez and scored on a double by Ryan Braun . Milwaukee tied it at 1 - all in the fifth	True
He struck out two and walked two . Rafael Betancourt pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Giants have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . Dexter Fowler drove in the Rockies ' first run with an RBI single in the third	True
Dexter Fowler drove in the Rockies ' first run with an RBI single in the third . The Giants added a run in the fourth	True
The Giants added a run in the fourth when Wilin Rosario led off with a double and scored on Tyler Colvin 's single . Colvin added an RBI single in the fourth	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Prince Fielder hit a three - run homer in the sixth inning , Max Scherzer pitched six strong innings and the Detroit Tigers beat the Texas Rangers 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Prince Fielder hit a three - run homer and Austin Jackson added a solo shot in the seventh	True
The right - hander struck out eight and walked two while throwing 112 pitches . Mark Lowe , Detroit 's fifth pitcher , got the final two outs in the ninth	True
The Rangers have lost four of five . Fielder hit a three - run homer in the sixth	True
Fielder hit a three - run homer in the sixth to give the Rangers a 4 - 2 lead . Fielder hit a three - run homer off Tanner Scheppers in the sixth	True
Fielder hit a three - run homer off Tanner Scheppers in the sixth to give the Tigers a 4 - 2 lead . Fielder hit a three - run homer in the sixth	True
Fielder hit a three - run homer in the sixth to give the Tigers a 4 - 2 lead . It was Fielder 's 18th homer of the season and second	False
It was Fielder 's 18th homer of the season and second in two games . The Tigers had a chance to take the lead in the seventh	True
It was Fielder 's 18th homer of the season and second in two games . The Tigers had a chance to take the lead in the seventh when Michael Young led off with a double and went to third	False
The Orioles scored two runs in the first inning , capped by Wieters ' two - run double . Markakis hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
The Orioles scored two runs in the first inning , capped by Wieters ' two - run double . Markakis hit a two - run homer in the fourth , and Seager hit a two - run drive in the sixth	True
Markakis hit a two - run homer in the fourth , and Seager hit a two - run drive in the sixth . Seager hit a two - run double in the seventh	True
He walked two and struck out a career - high nine . Tom Wilhelmsen pitched a perfect eighth	True
He walked two and struck out a career - high nine . Tom Wilhelmsen pitched a perfect eighth and Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Erick Aybar had three hits and scored twice for the Angels , who have won four of five . Torii Hunter hit a two - run single in the seventh	True
The A 's have lost six of seven . Trout had two hits , including a run - scoring single in the second	True
The A 's have lost six of seven . Trout had two hits , including a run - scoring single in the second and a two - out RBI single in the seventh	True
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Miguel Cabrera hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Yankees starter Alex Rodriguez was out of the starting lineup for the second straight game because of a sore left wrist . He had two hits , including a run - scoring single in the sixth	True
He had two hits , including a run - scoring single in the sixth that made it 7 - 2 . Alex Avila had an RBI single in the sixth	True
He had two hits , including a run - scoring single in the sixth that made it 7 - 2 . Alex Avila had an RBI single in the sixth , and Jhonny Peralta added an RBI single in the sixth	False
He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Addison Reed worked the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Billy Butler led off the seventh	True
Billy Butler led off the seventh with a home run off Luis Mendoza ( 5 - 8 ) , giving the White Sox a 2 - 1 lead . Jeff Francoeur homered in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a double by A. J. Pierzynski and a sacrifice fly by Dayan Viciedo . The Royals tied it in the fifth	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a double by A. J. Pierzynski and a sacrifice fly by Dayan Viciedo . The Royals tied it in the fifth when Alex Gordon singled , stole second	False
Nate Jones ( 5 - 0 ) pitched two innings for the win . Addison Reed worked around a leadoff walk in the ninth	True
The White Sox have won five of six and are 2 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago White Sox in the AL Central . Pierzynski hit a two - run homer off Jason Isringhausen ( 3 - 2 ) in the seventh	True
Pierzynski hit a two - run homer off Jason Isringhausen ( 3 - 2 ) in the seventh to give the White Sox a 3 - 2 lead . Alexei Ramirez added an RBI triple off Jerome Williams in the eighth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Torii Hunter 's two - out RBI single . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Prince Fielder homered and drove in four runs for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Fielder had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Fielder had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth that gave the Tigers a 7 - 1 lead . Fielder hit a two - run double in the third	True
Fielder had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth that gave the Tigers a 7 - 1 lead . Fielder hit a two - run double in the third and a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Fielder hit a two - run double in the third and a two - run homer in the fourth . Fielder hit a two - run double in the third	False
Fielder hit a two - run double in the third and a two - run homer in the fourth . Fielder hit a two - run double in the third and a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Fielder hit a two - run double in the third and a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Tigers a 7 - 1 lead . Fielder hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Fielder hit a two - run double in the third and a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Tigers a 7 - 1 lead . Fielder hit a two - run homer in the fourth , and Andy Dirks added an RBI single in the sixth	False
Fielder hit a two - run homer in the fourth , and Andy Dirks added an RBI single in the sixth to make it 10 - 1 . Fielder hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Fielder hit a two - run homer in the fourth , and Andy Dirks added an RBI single in the sixth to make it 10 - 1 . Fielder hit a two - run homer in the fourth , and Alex Avila added an RBI single in the sixth	True
Fielder hit a two - run homer in the fourth , and Alex Avila added an RBI single in the sixth to make it 10 - 1 . Jason Kipnis had an RBI groundout in the seventh	False
Carroll had a career - high four hits and drove in a run . Crawford had three hits , including a three - run homer off Vicente Padilla ( 4 - 1 ) in the third	True
Crawford had three hits , including a three - run homer off Vicente Padilla ( 4 - 1 ) in the third that put Minnesota ahead 5 - 1 . Crawford had three hits , including a three - run homer in the third	False
Jamey Carroll had a career - high four hits and drove in a run for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Morneau had four hits , including a two - run single in the fifth	True
Morneau had four hits , including a two - run single in the fifth that gave the Twins a 5 - 1 lead . Crawford had three hits , including a three - run homer in the third	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Jared Burton pitched the 10th	True
Boston starter Felix Doubront gave up five runs and eight hits in five innings , walking four and striking out two . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Jones had two hits , including a two - run double in the first inning , and the Braves beat the Miami Marlins 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jones had a two - run double in the first inning and a two - run double in the second	True
PITTSBURGH -- Xavier Paul 's pinch - hit home run in the top of the ninth inning gave the Cincinnati Reds a 4 - 3 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Paul Barmes led off the ninth	True
Paul Barmes followed with a single , and Paul Barmes followed with a single to center . Paul Barmes followed with a line drive to center field , but Paul made a strong throw to first	False
Paul Barmes followed with a line drive to center field , but Paul made a strong throw to first for a double play , but pinch - runner Denis Phipps was thrown out at the plate by Rod Barajas . Chapman gave up a run - scoring double to Zack Cozart in the bottom of the ninth	True
Chapman gave up a run - scoring double to Zack Cozart in the bottom of the ninth to give the Reds a 4 - 3 lead , but the Reds rallied for a 4 - 3 victory . Sean Marshall ( 5 - 5 ) got the last two outs of the eighth	True
Chapman gave up a run - scoring double to Zack Cozart in the bottom of the ninth to give the Reds a 4 - 3 lead , but the Reds rallied for a 4 - 3 victory . Sean Marshall ( 5 - 5 ) got the last two outs of the eighth for the win , and Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth	True
Cincinnati starter Wandy Rodriguez gave up two runs and six hits in six innings , striking out seven and walking one . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
He walked one and struck out one . Mark Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Mark Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the first for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Napoli had a two - run double in the fifth	True
Mark Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the first for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Napoli had a two - run double in the fifth and a three - run homer in the seventh	False
The Angels have lost five of their last six games and are 4 1/2 games behind the first - place Los Angeles Angels in the AL West . Joe Nathan pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Trumbo 's two - run homer in the first gave the Rangers a 4 - 0 lead . Murphy led off the bottom of the second	True
Trumbo 's two - run homer in the first gave the Rangers a 4 - 0 lead . Murphy led off the bottom of the second with his second homer of the season and second	False
Murphy led off the bottom of the second with his second homer of the season and second in two days . Napoli 's two - run double in the fifth made it 8 - 4 , and Kendrick padded the lead with a three - run homer in the seventh	True
Yankees manager Joe Girardi said Kuroda has been working out of the bullpen this season . Eric Chavez hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out two . Nick Swisher hit a two - out , two - run double in the first	True
He walked three and struck out two . Nick Swisher hit a two - out , two - run double in the first , and Martin hit a three - run homer off Jason Frasor in the sixth	True
Nick Swisher hit a two - out , two - run double in the first , and Martin hit a three - run homer off Jason Frasor in the sixth . Lind hit a two - run shot off David Phelps in the seventh	True
Lind hit a two - run shot off David Phelps in the seventh , his 19th . Martin hit a three - run shot off Jason Frasor in the sixth	True
Lind hit a two - run shot off David Phelps in the seventh , his 19th . Martin hit a three - run shot off Jason Frasor in the sixth , his sixth	False
Martin hit a three - run shot off Jason Frasor in the sixth , his sixth . Robinson Cano and Raul Ibanez hit RBI singles in the sixth	True
Martin hit a three - run shot off Jason Frasor in the sixth , his sixth . Robinson Cano and Raul Ibanez hit RBI singles in the sixth , and Lind hit a two - run homer off David Phelps in the ninth	False
Robinson Cano and Raul Ibanez hit RBI singles in the sixth , and Lind hit a two - run homer off David Phelps in the ninth . Chavez hit a two - run shot off Bobby Korecky in the ninth	False
Torii Hunter hit a game - ending RBI single with one out in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Angels a 4 - 3 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Hunter 's single off Stephen Pryor ( 3 - 1 ) gave the Angels a 3 - 3 lead in the seventh	True
Hunter 's single off Stephen Pryor ( 3 - 1 ) gave the Angels a 3 - 3 lead in the seventh . Maicer Izturis led off the ninth	True
Hunter 's single off Stephen Pryor ( 3 - 1 ) gave the Angels a 3 - 3 lead in the seventh . Maicer Izturis led off the ninth with a single off Stephen Kinney ( 3 - 2 ) and advanced to second	False
Hunter followed with an RBI single to center to give the Angels a 3 - 3 lead . Ernesto Frieri ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Stephen Morales had a two - out single in the second inning and scored on Brendan Ryan 's single . Justin Smoak hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
The right - hander struck out nine and walked two . The Mariners took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Mariners took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Erick Aybar and a sacrifice fly by Franklin Gutierrez . The Angels tied it in the third	True
The Angels tied it in the third on Alberto Callaspo 's two - out single and Chone Figgins ' two - out walk . The Angels tied it in the third	False
The Angels tied it in the third on Alberto Callaspo 's two - out single and Chone Figgins ' two - out walk . The Angels tied it in the third on Brendan Ryan 's RBI single and Smoak 's solo homer in the fourth	True
He walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . David Wright hit a two - run single in the seventh	True
He walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . David Wright hit a two - run single in the seventh , and Garrett Jones added a two - run homer off Jon Rauch in the ninth	False
David Wright hit a two - run single in the seventh , and Garrett Jones added a two - run homer off Jon Rauch in the ninth . Justin Turner hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Casey Fien ( 2 - 1 ) picked up the win with a scoreless inning of relief . Glen Perkins gave up a solo homer to Andruw Jones in the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Mauer 's RBI single in the sixth gave the Twins a 4 - 2 lead , and Mauer drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Mauer 's RBI single in the sixth gave the Twins a 4 - 2 lead , and Mauer drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the seventh to make it 6 - 2 . The Twins broke the game open with a four - run eighth	True
Avisail Garcia hit a two - run single and Eduardo Escobar had an RBI single . Mauer had three hits , including a two - run triple in the eighth	True
Mauer had three hits , including a two - run triple in the eighth that gave the Twins a 10 - 2 lead . Mauer had three hits , including a two - run triple in the eighth	False
Mauer had three hits , including a two - run triple in the eighth that gave the Twins a 10 - 2 lead . The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on Miguel Cabrera 's RBI double and Justin Morneau 's run - scoring single . Minnesota added a run in the fourth	True
Minnesota added a run in the fourth when Omar Infante led off with a single and scored on a single by Trevor Plouffe . Minnesota took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Minnesota took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI double by Mauer and a run - scoring single by Delmon Young . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Josh Willingham led off with a single , stole second	False
The right - hander struck out five and walked one . Jason Castro hit a three - run homer off Kevin Correia ( 11 - 10 ) in the seventh	True
Jason Castro hit a three - run homer off Kevin Correia ( 11 - 10 ) in the seventh to give the Astros a 4 - 1 lead . Wilton Lopez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Gaby Sanchez led off the second inning with his first home run of the season to tie it at 1 . It was Sanchez 's second homer of the season and second	False
It was Sanchez 's second homer of the season and second in two games . The Astros tied it at 1 - all in the second	True
The Astros tied it at 1 - all in the second when Brett Wallace hit a two - out RBI single . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Matt Moore led off with a double and scored on a single by Tyler Greene . The Pirates tied it in the second	True
The Pirates tied it in the second when Matt Dominguez hit a one - out double and scored on a single by Castro to make it 1 - 0 . Houston tied it in the second	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning when Brett Wallace hit a two - out single to center field . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brett Wallace hit a two - out single to center field . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brett Wallace hit a two - out single to right field . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brett Wallace hit a two - out single to right field . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
He struck out five and walked two . Jason Motte struck out the side in the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out four . Tyler Clippard pitched the ninth	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Kurt Suzuki 's sacrifice fly . Hanley Ramirez tied it with a run - scoring single in the third	True
Hanley Ramirez tied it with a run - scoring single in the third . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The White Sox took two of three from the Tigers , who have won five of six . The White Sox scored three runs in the third	True
Austin Jackson had an RBI single and Young followed with a two - run single to give the White Sox a 3 - 0 lead . The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out two and walked two . The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run single by Dewayne Wise and a bases - loaded walk to Gordon Beckham . The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the third	False
The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run single by Dayan Viciedo and a two - run single by Gordon Beckham . The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the third	False
The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run single by Young and a two - run single by Dewayne Wise . The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the third	False
Rizzo hit two home runs , including a two - run shot , and drove in six runs to lead the Cubs to a 13 - 9 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Rizzo had a career - high six RBI , including a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Rizzo had a career - high six RBI , including a two - run homer in the fifth that gave the Cubs a 10 - 9 lead . It was Rizzo 's second multihomer game of the season and the first	False
It was Rizzo 's second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Rizzo hit a two - run homer off Jared Hughes ( 2 - 2 ) in the sixth	True
It was Rizzo 's second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Rizzo hit a two - run homer off Jared Hughes ( 2 - 2 ) in the sixth and added a three - run shot in the sixth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Rizzo , who had a career - high six RBI . Rizzo had a two - run homer in the sixth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Rizzo , who had a career - high six RBI . Rizzo had a two - run homer in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth	True
Joe Mather also homered for the Cubs . Jeff Beliveau ( 1 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the eighth	True
Rod Barajas hit a two - run homer and Andrew McCutchen had two hits and two RBIs for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Alvarez hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Rod Barajas hit a two - run homer and Andrew McCutchen had two hits and two RBIs for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Alvarez hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a three - run shot in the sixth	False
Alvarez hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a three - run shot in the sixth to give the Pirates a 9 - 5 lead . It was Alvarez 's first multi - homer game of the season and the first	False
It was Alvarez 's first multi - homer game of the season and the first of his career . He also had a two - run shot off Chris Volstad in the fifth	True
He also had a two - run shot off Chris Volstad in the fifth . Rizzo hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
He also had a two - run shot off Chris Volstad in the fifth . Rizzo hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a two - run shot in the sixth	False
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Rizzo , who had a career - high six RBI . He had a two - run homer in the sixth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Rizzo , who had a career - high six RBI . He had a two - run homer in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth	True
He had a two - run homer in the sixth and a three - run shot in the sixth to make it 10 - 9 . Rizzo hit a two - run homer off Chris Leroux in the sixth	True
He walked four and struck out four . Rafael Soriano pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Rays have lost four of five . Tampa Bay went ahead 6 - 1 in the third	True
Tampa Bay went ahead 6 - 1 in the third on a two - run homer by Russell Martin , who was 0 - for - 4 with three strikeouts in his first three at - bats against Moore . Martin hit a three - run homer in the third	True
Tampa Bay went ahead 6 - 1 in the third on a two - run homer by Russell Martin , who was 0 - for - 4 with three strikeouts in his first three at - bats against Moore . Martin hit a three - run homer in the third to make it 5 - 1 , and the Yankees added three more in the fourth	True
Martin hit a three - run homer in the third to make it 5 - 1 , and the Yankees added three more in the fourth . Nunez walked , stole second	False
Martin hit a three - run homer in the third to make it 5 - 1 , and the Yankees added three more in the fourth . Nunez walked , stole second and advanced to third	False
Nunez walked , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by catcher Jose Molina . Nunez stole third	False
He struck out three , walked two and hit a batter . Greg Dobbs hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
He walked one and struck out three . Tom Wilhelmsen worked the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out three . Miguel Olivo hit a solo homer in the second	True
Toronto has hit at least one home run in eight straight games , the longest streak in the majors this season . Encarnacion hit a two - run homer off Romero in the fourth	True
Encarnacion hit a two - run homer off Romero in the fourth , his 19th . Franklin Gutierrez hit a two - run single off Romero in the fourth	True
Encarnacion hit a two - run homer off Romero in the fourth , his 19th . Franklin Gutierrez hit a two - run single off Romero in the fourth , and Encarnacion hit a two - run homer off Casey Janssen in the seventh	False
Franklin Gutierrez hit a two - run single off Romero in the fourth , and Encarnacion hit a two - run homer off Casey Janssen in the seventh . It was his 21st of the season and second	False
It was his 21st of the season and second in two games . Encarnacion hit a two - run shot off Romero in the fourth	True
He walked two and struck out two . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth to give Atlanta a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer off Paul Maholm ( 12 - 10 ) in the fifth	True
Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer off Paul Maholm ( 12 - 10 ) in the fifth to give the Brewers a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth to give the Brewers a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the fifth	False
He struck out six and walked three . The Braves scored two runs in the fourth	True
Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the inning to give the Brewers a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer off Maholm in the fifth	True
Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer off Maholm in the fifth to give Milwaukee a 3 - 2 lead . Rickie Weeks hit a three - run homer off Maholm in the fifth	False
DENVER -- Alex White 's first career pinch - hit homer was his first career pinch - hit homer , and the Colorado Rockies beat the San Francisco Giants 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Posey had three hits , including a two - run homer off Ryan Vogelsong ( 12 - 8 ) in the seventh	True
Posey had three hits , including a two - run homer off Ryan Vogelsong ( 12 - 8 ) in the seventh that gave the Rockies a 6 - 4 lead . It was the first pinch - hit homer of the season for Posey , who hit a two - run shot in the seventh	True
It was the first pinch - hit homer of the season for Posey , who hit a two - run shot in the seventh to give the Rockies a 6 - 4 lead . It was the first pinch - hit homer of the season for Posey , who hit a two - run shot in the seventh	False
It was the first pinch - hit homer of the season for Posey , who hit a two - run shot in the seventh to give the Rockies a 6 - 4 lead . It was the first pinch - hit homer of the season for Posey , who hit a two - run shot in the seventh	False
Guillermo Moscoso ( 2 - 1 ) pitched two innings for the win . Rafael Betancourt worked a perfect ninth	True
Rafael Betancourt worked a perfect ninth for his 28th save in 32 chances . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Jordan Pacheco and a run - scoring double by Josh Rutledge . Pence led off the second	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Jordan Pacheco and a run - scoring double by Josh Rutledge . Pence led off the second with a homer to left , his third	False
Pence led off the second with a homer to left , his third of the season . The Rockies added a run in the fourth	True
The Rockies added a run in the fourth on a double by Chris Nelson and a run - scoring single by Charlie Blackmon . Brandon Belt had a run - scoring groundout in the fourth	True
The Rockies added a run in the fourth on a double by Chris Nelson and a run - scoring single by Charlie Blackmon . Brandon Belt had a run - scoring groundout in the fourth and a run - scoring groundout in the sixth	False
Zito ( 11 - 8 ) allowed four hits and struck out four in 6 1/3 innings to win for the first time in four starts . Buster Posey hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Dodgers had runners on first	False
He struck out four and walked two . The Dodgers had runners on first and second	False
He struck out four and walked two . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the first	True
The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the first , but Zito struck out Andre Ethier and got Hanley Ramirez to ground into a double play . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Marco Scutaro 's sacrifice fly in the fifth gave the Giants a 3 - 0 lead . Posey homered off Javier Lopez in the sixth	True
Posey homered off Javier Lopez in the sixth to make it 4 - 0 . It was Posey 's 14th	False
Posey homered off Javier Lopez in the sixth to make it 4 - 0 . It was Posey 's 14th of the season and second	False
The Orioles have lost five of six and fell to 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . New York 's Manny Machado homered in the ninth	True
The Orioles have lost five of six and fell to 1 - 6 on their nine - game road trip . New York 's Manny Machado homered in the ninth off Rafael Soriano , who gave up a solo homer to Robert Andino in the ninth	True
New York 's Manny Machado homered in the ninth off Rafael Soriano , who gave up a solo homer to Robert Andino in the ninth . It was his 36th of the season and second	False
Cody Ross had three hits and drove in a run for the Mariners . Dustin Ackley had a two - run single in the fourth inning and Cody Ross added a run - scoring double in the sixth	True
Dustin Ackley had a two - run single in the fourth inning and Cody Ross added a run - scoring double in the sixth to give Seattle a 2 - 0 lead . Tom Wilhelmsen pitched the ninth	True
Tom Wilhelmsen pitched the ninth for his 24th save in 29 chances . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a single , stole second	False
The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on a wild pitch . Ellsbury stole third	False
Ellsbury stole third and scored on Ackley 's single to left . Seattle took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Seattle took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a single and scored on a double by Eric Thames . Seattle added another run in the sixth	True
Seattle added another run in the sixth when Jacoby Ellsbury reached on an infield single and scored on a single by Kyle Seager . Boston loaded the bases with no outs in the third	True
Boston loaded the bases with no outs in the third , but Millwood struck out Ryan Lavarnway and got Mike Carp to ground into a double play . Seattle had runners on first	False
Boston loaded the bases with no outs in the third , but Millwood struck out Ryan Lavarnway and got Mike Carp to ground into a double play . Seattle had runners on first and second	False
Boston loaded the bases with no outs in the third , but Millwood struck out Ryan Lavarnway and got Mike Carp to ground into a double play . Seattle had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
He struck out three and walked two . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth	True
Luke Scott and Russell Martin hit solo homers for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Tampa Bay took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Tampa Bay took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on Evan Longoria 's RBI single . The Yankees took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
The Yankees took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on Martin 's two - run double . Martin gave the Yankees a 3 - 1 lead with a two - out , two - run double in the fifth	True
Martin gave the Yankees a 3 - 1 lead with a two - out , two - run double in the fifth . Martin gave the Yankees a 4 - 3 lead with a two - out homer off David Robertson in the sixth	True
Martin gave the Yankees a 4 - 3 lead with a two - out homer off David Robertson in the sixth . Martin gave the Yankees a 4 - 3 lead with a two - out homer off David Robertson in the sixth	True
Martin gave the Yankees a 4 - 3 lead with a two - out homer off David Robertson in the sixth . Martin gave the Yankees a 4 - 3 lead with a two - out homer off David Robertson in the sixth	True
Martin gave the Yankees a 4 - 3 lead with a two - out homer off David Robertson in the sixth . Martin gave the Yankees a 4 - 3 lead with a two - out homer off David Robertson in the sixth	True
Martin gave the Yankees a 4 - 3 lead with a two - out homer off David Robertson in the sixth . The Yankees tied it at 3 in the fourth	True
The Yankees tied it at 3 in the fourth on a two - run double by Alex Rodriguez and a two - run double by Ben Zobrist . Martin gave the Yankees a 4 - 3 lead with a two - out homer off David Robertson in the sixth	True
Martin gave the Yankees a 4 - 3 lead with a two - out homer off David Robertson in the sixth . It was Martin 's fourth homer of the season and second	False
It was Martin 's fourth homer of the season and second in two games . Tampa Bay took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out five and walked two . Ike Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
He walked two and struck out a season - high nine . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Manny Machado led off with a double and scored on a double by Nick Markakis . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Manny Machado led off with a double and scored on a double by Nick Markakis . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Adam Lind singled , stole second	False
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Adam Lind singled , stole second and came home on a double by Nick Markakis . Blue Jays right - hander Brett Cecil left in the sixth	True
He allowed one run and three hits , walked two and struck out none . Toronto 's Nate Lincoln worked the eighth	True
He allowed one run and three hits , walked two and struck out none . Toronto 's Nate Lincoln worked the eighth and Pedro Strop worked a perfect eighth	True
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers had a chance to tie the game in the bottom of the ninth inning on A. J. Ellis ' RBI single with two outs and the bases loaded , and A. J. Ellis hit a two - out , bases - loaded single with the bases loaded to give the Dodgers a 4 - 3 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Andre Ethier hit a tying homer off Luke Gregerson in the ninth	True
Brandon League ( 1 - 6 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Cory Belisario gave up a two - out RBI single to A. J. Ellis in the bottom of the ninth	True
Cory Belisario gave up a two - out RBI single to A. J. Ellis in the bottom of the ninth . Andre Ethier tied the game 2 - all in the sixth	True
Chase Headley hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the Padres , who have lost four of five . The Padres tied the game at 2 in the fifth	True
The Padres tied the game at 2 in the fifth on Mark Ellis ' RBI single and a two - out walk to Will Venable . Ramirez tied the game 2 - all in the sixth	True
Ramirez tied the game 2 - all in the sixth with a two - out , two - run homer to left - center . It was his third homer of the season and second	False
It was his third homer of the season and second in two games . Ramirez tied the game 2 - all in the sixth	True
Ramirez tied the game 2 - all in the sixth with a two - out , two - run homer to left - center . The Dodgers tied it at 2 in the fifth	True
Chris Iannetta homered and drove in three runs for the A 's , who have lost five of six . Wells hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Chris Iannetta homered and drove in three runs for the A 's , who have lost five of six . Wells hit a solo homer in the fourth and Hunter added a sacrifice fly in the sixth	False
Wells hit a solo homer in the fourth and Hunter added a sacrifice fly in the sixth to make it 8 - 2 . Chris Carter hit a solo homer in the eighth	False
Javier Lopez got the last two outs for his sixth save in seven chances . Marmol ( 2 - 3 ) gave up two runs and two hits in the ninth	True
Marco Scutaro followed with an RBI single to give the Giants a 6 - 5 lead . The Giants took a 5 - 3 lead in the fifth	True
The Giants took a 5 - 3 lead in the fifth on Angel Pagan 's RBI single and Soriano 's three - run homer . The Giants tied it at 5 in the sixth	True
The Giants tied it at 5 in the sixth on an RBI single by Angel Pagan and a run - scoring triple by David DeJesus . The Cubs tied it at 5 in the sixth	False
The Cubs tied it at 5 in the sixth on a two - out , two - run triple by Angel Pagan and a run - scoring triple by Buster Posey . The Cubs tied it at 5 in the sixth	False
DENVER -- Chase Headley had a career - high four hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning , and the Colorado Rockies beat the San Diego Padres 11 - 10 on Tuesday night . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth	True
DENVER -- Chase Headley had a career - high four hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning , and the Colorado Rockies beat the San Diego Padres 11 - 10 on Tuesday night . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth	True
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth to give the Rockies a 7 - 3 lead . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth to give the Rockies a 7 - 3 lead . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . He had a two - run single in the fourth	True
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . He had a two - run single in the fourth , a two - run single in the fourth	True
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . He had a two - run single in the fourth , a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth	False
He had a two - run single in the fourth , a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth	False
He had a two - run single in the fourth , a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth , a two - run single in the fourth	False
He had a two - run single in the fourth , a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth , a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth , a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth that put the Rockies ahead 7 - 3 . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth , a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth that put the Rockies ahead 7 - 3 . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth , a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth , a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth that put the Rockies ahead 7 - 3 . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth , a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth , a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth to give the Rockies a 7 - 6 lead . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth	False
Headley had a two - run single in the fourth , a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth to give the Rockies a 7 - 6 lead . Headley had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth	False
Guillermo Moscoso ( 1 - 1 ) got one out for the win . Rafael Betancourt gave up a run - scoring single to Alexi Amarista in the ninth	True
The Blue Jays have won five of six and are a season - high 20 games over .500 . Ryan Roberts hit a solo homer in the third	True
Ryan Roberts hit a solo homer in the third for the Blue Jays , who have lost three of four . Encarnacion hit a two - run double off Brad Lincoln in the third	True
Ryan Roberts hit a solo homer in the third for the Blue Jays , who have lost three of four . Encarnacion hit a two - run double off Brad Lincoln in the third , and Joyce hit a two - run double in the third	True
Encarnacion hit a two - run double off Brad Lincoln in the third , and Joyce hit a two - run double in the third . Encarnacion hit a two - run homer off Brad Lincoln in the fourth	True
Encarnacion hit a two - run homer off Brad Lincoln in the fourth , his 19th . Joyce hit a two - run double in the third	True
Encarnacion hit a two - run homer off Brad Lincoln in the fourth , his 19th . Joyce hit a two - run double in the third , and Joyce hit a two - run double off Brad Lincoln in the eighth	False
Joyce hit a two - run double in the third , and Joyce hit a two - run double off Brad Lincoln in the eighth . Adam Lind hit a two - run single in the eighth	True
The right - hander struck out four and did not walk a batter . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
Toronto cut it to 5 - 4 in the bottom half when Joyce hit a two - run double off J. P. Howell . The Blue Jays cut it to 5 - 4 on Lind 's two - run single in the eighth	True
Scherzer ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and two hits in 5 2/3 innings , walking two and striking out 10 . The right - hander struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fifth	True
Scherzer ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and two hits in 5 2/3 innings , walking two and striking out 10 . The right - hander struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fifth and sixth	True
He walked two and struck out three . Peralta hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He walked two and struck out three . Peralta hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a solo shot off David Robertson in the eighth	True
Peralta hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a solo shot off David Robertson in the eighth . It was Peralta 's second multihomer game of the season and the first	False
It was Peralta 's second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Peralta hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
It was Peralta 's second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Peralta hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a solo shot in the seventh	True
Peralta hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a solo shot in the seventh . It was Peralta 's second multihomer game of the season and the first	False
It was Peralta 's second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Peralta hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
It was Peralta 's first multihomer game of the season and his first multihomer game of the season . It was the first multihomer game of his career , and the first	False
It was the first multihomer game of his career , and the first of his career . Peralta hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
It was the first multihomer game of his career , and the first of his career . Peralta hit a solo homer in the eighth , his second homer of the game , and a solo shot off Derek Lowe in the eighth	True
He walked three and struck out 10 . The Cardinals took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
Kurt Suzuki 's RBI single in the second gave the Cardinals a 1 - 0 lead . The Cardinals tied it in the second	True
The Cardinals tied it in the second on a sacrifice fly by Jayson Werth . The Cardinals tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Moore , who entered as a pinch - hitter in the eighth	True
The Cardinals tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Moore , who entered as a pinch - hitter in the eighth and delivered a two - out , two - run single off Marc Rzepczynski . Drew Storen pitched a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth	True
MIAMI -- Donovan Solano had a career - high four hits , including a game - winning single in the 11th inning , and the Miami Marlins beat the New York Mets 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jose Reyes led off the 11th	True
He struck out eight and did not walk a batter . The Mets scored three runs in the eighth	True
David Wright had an RBI single and Daniel Murphy scored on a wild pitch to make it 3 - 3 . The Mets had runners on first	False
David Wright had an RBI single and Daniel Murphy scored on a wild pitch to make it 3 - 3 . The Mets had runners on first and second	False
David Wright had an RBI single and Daniel Murphy scored on a wild pitch to make it 3 - 3 . The Mets had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th	True
The Mets had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Jon Rauch struck out pinch - hitter Ronny Cedeno to end the threat . The Mets had runners on first	False
The Mets had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Jon Rauch struck out pinch - hitter Ronny Cedeno to end the threat . The Mets had runners on first and second	False
The Mets had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Jon Rauch struck out pinch - hitter Ronny Cedeno to end the threat . The Mets had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th	False
The Mets had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Jon Rauch struck out Ike Davis to end the inning . Ike Davis singled with one out in the ninth	True
The Mets had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Jon Rauch struck out Ike Davis to end the inning . Ike Davis singled with one out in the ninth , but pinch - hitter Adam Greenberg was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second	False
Ike Davis singled with one out in the ninth , but pinch - hitter Adam Greenberg was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on a single by Giancarlo Stanton . The Mets had runners on first	False
Ike Davis singled with one out in the ninth , but pinch - hitter Adam Greenberg was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on a single by Giancarlo Stanton . The Mets had runners on first and second	False
Ike Davis singled with one out in the ninth , but pinch - hitter Adam Greenberg was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on a single by Giancarlo Stanton . The Mets had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	True
The right - hander is 6 - 0 in his last eight starts against the Rangers , who have won four of their last five . Grant Balfour pitched the ninth	True
The A 's have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Los Angeles Angels in the AL West . Josh Hamilton hit an RBI double in the third	True
Josh Hamilton hit an RBI double in the third for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Derek Norris hit a run - scoring grounder in the fifth	True
Derek Norris hit a run - scoring grounder in the fifth for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Gomes homered in the sixth	False
Gomes homered in the sixth to make it 3 - 1 . It was Gomes ' fourth homer of the season and second	False
It was Gomes ' fourth homer of the season and second in two days . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Jim Henderson ( 1 - 2 ) struck out two in a perfect inning for the win . John Axford pitched the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out three . Maldonado hit a three - run homer in the third	True
Maldonado hit a three - run homer in the third off Anthony Bass ( 2 - 8 ) to give the Brewers a 4 - 0 lead . It was Maldonado 's fourth career grand slam and second	False
It was the second time this season the Brewers have hit back - to - back homers . Will Venable had an RBI single in the sixth	True
Will Venable had an RBI single in the sixth for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Maldonado hit a three - run homer in the third	True
Maldonado hit a three - run homer in the third off Anthony Bass to give the Brewers a 4 - 0 lead . It was Maldonado 's fourth career grand slam and second	False
It was the second time this season the Brewers have hit back - to - back homers . Chase Headley doubled and scored on a single by Jesus Guzman in the sixth	True
Chase Headley doubled and scored on a single by Jesus Guzman in the sixth to make it 4 - 3 . The Padres loaded the bases with one out in the sixth	True
He struck out six and walked two . Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth	True
He struck out two and walked two . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Bay followed with an RBI double to give the Mariners a 3 - 2 lead . Saunders added a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the sixth	True
Bay followed with an RBI double to give the Mariners a 3 - 2 lead . Saunders added a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the sixth and Brendan Ryan added an RBI single in the sixth	True
Saunders added a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the sixth and Brendan Ryan added an RBI single in the sixth to give the Mariners a 6 - 2 lead . Seattle took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Saunders added a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the sixth and Brendan Ryan added an RBI single in the sixth to give the Mariners a 6 - 2 lead . Seattle took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Wieters ' two - run homer , his second	False
He struck out five and walked none . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth	True
Harper 's two - run homer in the fourth gave the Nationals a 6 - 1 lead , and Choo 's solo homer in the sixth gave the Nationals a 6 - 1 lead . It was Harper 's third home run of the season and second	False
It was Harper 's third home run of the season and second in two games . The Nationals added a run in the seventh	True
The Nationals added a run in the seventh on Todd Frazier 's two - out RBI single off Tyler Clippard . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
It was Harper 's third home run of the season . The Nationals scored three runs in the fourth	True
The Nationals scored three runs in the fourth to take a 6 - 1 lead . Choo hit a leadoff homer in the sixth	True
The Nationals scored three runs in the fourth to take a 6 - 1 lead . Choo hit a leadoff homer in the sixth and Harper hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Shaun Marcum ( 0 - 1 ) gave up three runs and five hits in four innings for the Mets , who have lost four of five . John Buck hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked two . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Ryan Howard and a run - scoring double by Chase Utley . The Mets tied it in the third	True
The Mets tied it in the third on an RBI double by David Wright and a sacrifice fly by Jordany Valdespin . The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Mets took a 3 - 1 lead in the third on an RBI double by Ike Davis and a run - scoring double by Ryan Howard . Brown hit a three - run homer off Carson Carson in the seventh	True
Alex Gonzalez and Justin Sellers each had two hits and scored three runs for the Dodgers . Ronald Belisario ( 2 - 2 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win , and Brandon League gave up a run in the ninth	True
Ronald Belisario ( 2 - 2 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win , and Brandon League gave up a run in the ninth before getting his seventh save in as many attempts . Gonzalez had three hits , including a two - run double in the seventh	True
The right - hander walked two and struck out two . The Dodgers took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth	True
The Dodgers took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth on a two - run homer by Yuniesky Betancourt and a run - scoring single by Andre Ethier . Ryan Braun hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
He struck out seven and walked four . Addison Reed pitched the ninth	True
Jeremy Hellickson ( 1 - 2 ) allowed five runs and five hits in six innings for the Rays , who have lost five of six . Adam Dunn hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Jeff Keppinger had an RBI double and Evan Longoria followed with a run - scoring single to make it 3 - 1 . Jose Lobaton cut the deficit to 3 - 2 with a solo homer in the fourth	True
Jeff Keppinger had an RBI double and Evan Longoria followed with a run - scoring single to make it 3 - 1 . Jose Lobaton cut the deficit to 3 - 2 with a solo homer in the fourth , his second	False
It was the first home run allowed by Arroyo this season . The Nationals added a run in the third	True
It was the first home run by a Washington starter this season . Votto 's solo shot in the fourth	True
It was the first home run by a Washington starter this season . Votto 's solo shot in the fourth was his 21st of the season and second	False
Alex Gordon and Billy Butler hit back - to - back homers off Andrew Miller in the eighth inning , lifting the Royals to a 5 - 4 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Gordon led off the 10th	True
Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two innings for the win . Greg Holland struck out the side in the 10th	True
Boston starter Jeremy Guthrie gave up four runs and nine hits in six innings , walking four and striking out two . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the second when Gordon led off with a double and scored on a single by Napoli . The Red Sox tied it in the second	True
The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the second when Gordon led off with a double and scored on a single by Napoli . The Red Sox tied it in the second when Alcides Escobar hit a two - out single , stole second	False
The Red Sox tied it in the second when Alcides Escobar hit a two - out single , stole second and scored on Dustin Pedroia 's single . Napoli led off the bottom of the second	True
The Red Sox tied it in the second when Alcides Escobar hit a two - out single , stole second and scored on Dustin Pedroia 's single . Napoli led off the bottom of the second with a homer to left , his third	False
The Red Sox tied it in the bottom half when Gordon led off with a double and scored on a single by Jacoby Ellsbury . Gordon led off the second	True
Gordon led off the second with a double and scored on a single by Napoli . The Red Sox tied it in the second	True
He walked one and struck out three . Coco Crisp hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Brett Anderson ( 1 - 3 ) gave up four runs and four hits in one - plus innings . The right - hander , who has lost his last three starts , gave up a two - run homer to Evan Longoria in the fourth	True
It was the first time this season the Rays have hit back - to - back homers . Lowrie had an RBI single in the first	True
It was the first time this season the Rays have hit back - to - back homers . Lowrie had an RBI single in the first and a two - run single in the fourth	True
Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the bottom half , and the Orioles rallied for a 10 - 6 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Baltimore trailed 5 - 4 in the seventh	True
It was his first career walk - off homer , and the first game - ending shot of his career . Troy Patton ( 1 - 0 ) worked the 10th	True
Tampa Bay took a 4 - 3 lead in the bottom half on Molina 's sacrifice fly and Molina 's sacrifice fly . In the bottom half , Loney hit a two - run homer , his third	False
He walked one and struck out seven . Casey Janssen pitched the ninth	True
The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Chicago 's Jordan Jones pitched a perfect eighth	True
The Tigers have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their nine - game road trip . Seattle starter Drew Smyly ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 14th	True
Seattle starter Drew Smyly ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 14th to earn the win . Joaquin Benoit pitched the 14th	True
Joaquin Benoit pitched the 14th for his first save . Charlie Ibanez had an RBI single in the seventh	True
He struck out 12 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Mariners had a chance to score in the seventh	True
He struck out 12 and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Mariners had a chance to score in the seventh when Kendrys Morales led off with a single and advanced to second	False
But Hernandez struck out Franklin Gutierrez and got Fielder to ground into a double play to end the threat . The Mariners had runners on first	False
But Hernandez struck out Franklin Gutierrez and got Fielder to ground into a double play to end the threat . The Mariners had runners on first and second	False
But Hernandez struck out Franklin Gutierrez and got Fielder to ground into a double play to end the threat . The Mariners had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th	True
Mike Napoli 's RBI double with one out in the bottom of the ninth lifted the Red Sox to a 3 - 2 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Desmond Jennings led off the ninth	True
Mike Napoli 's RBI double with one out in the bottom of the ninth lifted the Red Sox to a 3 - 2 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Desmond Jennings led off the ninth with a single off Joel Peralta ( 0 - 1 ) , stole second	False
Mike Napoli followed with an RBI double to make it 3 - 2 . Andrew Bailey ( 1 - 0 ) earned his first major league win with a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth	True
Dempster allowed one run on two hits and two walks , striking out 10 in seven innings . Evan Longoria hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Hellickson allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings , striking out nine and walking one . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out nine and walked one . Saltalamacchia led off the fifth	True
Saltalamacchia led off the fifth with a homer into the Green Monster seats . Boston tied it in the ninth	True
Boston tied it in the ninth on Ben Zobrist 's run - scoring single and Stephen Drew 's two - out single . The Rays tied it 2 - all in the fifth	True
The Rays tied it 2 - all in the fifth when Longoria homered into the Green Monster seats . Boston tied it in the ninth	True
Alex Gordon singled home the winning run with one out in the ninth inning , lifting the Kansas City Royals to a 3 - 2 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night . Alex Gordon 's RBI single with one out in the ninth	True
It was the first walk - off hit of his career , and the first walk - off hit of his career . Gordon stole second	False
It was the first walk - off hit of his career , and the first walk - off hit of his career . Gordon stole second and advanced to third	False
Alex Gordon followed with an RBI single to give the Royals a 2 - 2 lead . Kelvin Herrera ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked three . The Blue Jays tied it in the sixth	True
He struck out four and walked three . The Blue Jays tied it in the sixth when Billy Butler led off with a single , stole second	False
The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Rajai Davis , but the Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on Jarrod Dyson 's two - out error . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Alcides Escobar hit a sacrifice fly . The Blue Jays tied it in the third	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Alcides Escobar hit a sacrifice fly . The Blue Jays tied it in the third when Melky Cabrera singled , stole second	False
Jonathan Lucroy hit a tiebreaking homer in the 10th inning , and the Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jonathan Lucroy hit a solo homer in the 10th	True
Burke Badenhop got the final out for his first save of the season . Ryan Braun hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Cardinals scored twice in the third	True
Yadier Molina followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . The Cardinals added a run in the fourth	True
The Cardinals added a run in the fourth on an error by third baseman Norichika Aoki . The Cardinals loaded the bases with no outs in the third	True
The Cardinals loaded the bases with no outs in the third , but Estrada struck out Allen Craig and got Braun to ground into a double play . The Cardinals added a run in the fourth	True
He struck out five and walked two . Kyuji Fujikawa pitched the ninth	True
Altuve had four hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in four runs to lead the Astros to a 16 - 9 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . Altuve had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and a two - run double in the fourth	True
Altuve had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and a two - run double in the fourth . He also had a two - run double in the first	True
Altuve had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and a two - run double in the fourth . He also had a two - run double in the first and a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He also had a two - run double in the first and a two - run homer in the fourth . Altuve had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and a two - run double in the fourth	True
Altuve had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and a two - run double in the fourth . He had a two - run double in the first	True
Altuve had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and a two - run double in the fourth . He had a two - run double in the first and a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He had a two - run double in the first and a two - run homer in the fourth . Carter hit a solo homer in the eighth	False
He had a two - run double in the first and a two - run homer in the fourth . Carter hit a solo homer in the eighth and a solo shot in the ninth	False
It was the fourth time this season the Astros have hit back - to - back home runs . Altuve had a two - run double in the first inning and added a two - run homer in the fourth	True
It was the fourth time this season the Astros have hit back - to - back home runs . Altuve had a two - run double in the first inning and added a two - run homer in the fourth	True
It was the fourth time this season the Astros have hit back - to - back home runs this season . Altuve had a two - run double in the first inning and added a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He struck out six and walked one . Jim Henderson pitched the ninth	True
He walked five and struck out six . Welington Castillo hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Alex Gonzalez drew a bases - loaded walk and Maldonado followed with a three - run double to give the Brewers a 4 - 0 lead . The Brewers made it 5 - 0 in the second	True
The Brewers made it 5 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring double by Norichika Aoki and a run - scoring double by Ryan Braun . Castillo hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Castillo 's two - run homer in the second made it 5 - 2 . Castillo hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Santana ( 1 - 1 ) gave up eight hits , struck out seven and walked one . The right - hander was 0 - 3 in his previous five starts , but the right - hander did n't allow a hit until Lorenzo Cain 's one - out double in the fourth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Aaron Crow worked the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out one . Alex Gordon and Billy Butler had run - scoring singles in the eighth	True
Alex Gordon and Billy Butler had run - scoring singles in the eighth to give the Royals a 2 - 1 lead . Kansas City added a run in the eighth	True
Kansas City added a run in the eighth on Billy Butler 's two - out RBI single off Jared Burton . Kansas City had runners on first	False
Kansas City added a run in the eighth on Billy Butler 's two - out RBI single off Jared Burton . Kansas City had runners on first and second	False
Kansas City added a run in the eighth on Billy Butler 's two - out RBI single off Jared Burton . Kansas City had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
Kansas City had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Aaron Hicks grounded into a double play to end the threat . Kansas City had runners on first	False
Kansas City had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Aaron Hicks grounded into a double play to end the threat . Kansas City had runners on first and second	False
Kansas City had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Aaron Hicks grounded into a double play to end the threat . Kansas City had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	False
Ryan Webb ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing three runs -- two earned -- and two hits in 1 2/3 innings . Ryan Parnell pitched a perfect eighth	True
He walked three and struck out three . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Greg Dobbs ' two - out RBI single . Greg Dobbs had an RBI single in the first	True
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Greg Dobbs ' two - out RBI single . Greg Dobbs had an RBI single in the first and a two - run single in the sixth	True
Greg Dobbs had an RBI single in the first and a two - run single in the sixth to give the Marlins a 3 - 2 lead . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Marlins tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Ike Davis . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Adrian Beltre hit a go - ahead homer in the seventh inning , and the Texas Rangers beat the Los Angeles Angels 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Adrian Beltre hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning and Ian Kinsler added a run - scoring single in the eighth	True
The Rangers have won five of their last six games against the Angels , who have won seven of their last 10 games against the Angels . Adrian Beltre hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Tanner Scheppers ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Joe Nathan pitched the ninth	True
Joe Nathan pitched the ninth for his first save . Scott Downs ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing one run and two hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth	True
The right - hander was coming off a 1 - 0 loss to the Los Angeles Angels in his first start of the season . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Iannetta led off with a double and scored on a double by Nelson Cruz . The Angels tied it in the fifth	True
The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Iannetta led off with a double and scored on a double by Nelson Cruz . The Angels tied it in the fifth when Mitch Moreland drew a leadoff walk , stole second	False
The Angels tied it in the fifth when Mitch Moreland drew a leadoff walk , stole second and scored on a double by Mike Trout . The Angels tied it in the fifth	False
The Angels tied it in the fifth when Mitch Moreland drew a leadoff walk , stole second and scored on a double by Mike Trout . The Angels tied it in the fifth when Craig Gentry led off with a single , stole second	False
The Angels tied it in the fifth when Craig Gentry led off with a single , stole second and scored on Pierzynski 's triple into the right - field corner . The Rangers tied it in the fifth	True
Joyce hit a solo homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Rays a 8 - 7 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Tuesday night . The Rays trailed 4 - 0 before rallying for a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth	True
The Rays trailed 4 - 0 before rallying for a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth . Joyce led off the ninth	True
Joyce led off the ninth with a homer off Tommy Hunter ( 0 - 1 ) , and Zobrist followed with a run - scoring single off Pedro Strop to make it 7 - 5 . The Rays took a 5 - 4 lead in the seventh	True
The Rays took a 5 - 4 lead in the seventh on Davis ' RBI single and Matt Wieters ' run - scoring single off Joel Peralta . Fernando Rodney ( 1 - 0 ) allowed a run in the top of the ninth	False
Davis had four hits , including a three - run homer off Jeremy Hellickson in the first inning that put the Rays ahead 4 - 0 . The Rays took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
It was the fourth time this season the Rays have hit back - to - back home runs . Davis had a two - out RBI single in the sixth	True
It was the fourth time this season the Rays have hit back - to - back home runs . Davis had a two - out RBI single in the sixth , and Duncan hit a three - run homer off Wei-Yin Chen in the sixth	True
Davis had a two - out RBI single in the sixth , and Duncan hit a three - run homer off Wei-Yin Chen in the sixth to make it 4 - 4 . The Orioles took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Orioles took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Nick Markakis and a run - scoring single by Manny Machado . The Orioles took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	False
Yoenis Cespedes hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the second inning off Jarrod Parker ( 0 - 1 ) . Morse hit a three - run shot in the third	True
Yoenis Cespedes hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the second inning off Jarrod Parker ( 0 - 1 ) . Morse hit a three - run shot in the third and a solo shot off Grant Balfour in the ninth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Morse , who had a career - high four RBIs . Kendrys Morales had an RBI single in the fifth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Morse , who had a career - high four RBIs . Kendrys Morales had an RBI single in the fifth , and Justin Smoak drew a bases - loaded walk in the seventh	True
The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last five starts . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three , walked three and hit a batter . Ramon Hernandez hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Dodgers starter Ronald Belisario gave up three hits in 1 1 - 3 scoreless innings , striking out one and walking none . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Adrian Gonzalez 's sacrifice fly . Alberto Callaspo drove in the Angels ' first run with a two - out single in the fourth	True
Chris Nelson 's RBI single in the sixth gave the Angels a 3 - 2 lead . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
Chris Nelson 's RBI single in the sixth gave the Angels a 3 - 2 lead . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the second when Carl Crawford led off with a single , stole second	False
They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Braves , who have lost three of four , took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
J. P. Perez ( 1 - 0 ) struck out four in 2 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Casey Janssen pitched the ninth	True
David Carpenter pitched three innings of scoreless relief for Atlanta . David Carpenter pitched three innings of scoreless relief , and Jordan Walden pitched a 1 - 2 - 3 eighth	True
The right - hander struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Marlins took a 6 - 5 lead in the sixth	True
The Marlins took a 6 - 5 lead in the sixth against Mike Dunn ( 1 - 1 ) , who gave up two runs and five hits in 1 2/3 innings . Fernando Rodney ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Marlins have lost six of seven . Miami went ahead 5 - 0 in the third	True
Miami went ahead 5 - 0 in the third on Justin Ruggiano 's RBI single and Coghlan 's two - run triple . Coghlan 's two - run triple gave the Marlins a 3 - 0 lead in the third	True
Coghlan 's two - run triple gave the Marlins a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Escobar had an RBI double in the fourth	False
Coghlan 's two - run triple gave the Marlins a 3 - 0 lead in the third . Escobar had an RBI double in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the fourth	False
Escobar had an RBI double in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the fourth to cut the deficit to 5 - 4 . The Marlins took a 6 - 5 lead in the sixth	False
He walked two and struck out a season - high 13 . Jose Valverde pitched the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out three . Victor Martinez hit a two - run double in the fifth	True
Travis Snider had an RBI triple and scored on Brayan Pena 's bases - loaded walk to make it 6 - 3 . Neil Walker had an RBI double in the seventh	True
Travis Snider had an RBI triple and scored on Brayan Pena 's bases - loaded walk to make it 6 - 3 . Neil Walker had an RBI double in the seventh , and Russell Martin had a run - scoring single in the eighth	False
Gaby Sanchez 's RBI double in the eighth made it 6 - 5 . Mike Zagurski pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Mike Zagurski pitched a scoreless eighth and Jose Valverde finished for his sixth save in as many chances . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Tigers tied it in the bottom half on Martinez 's two - out , two - run double . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
NEW YORK -- Dan Uggla hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the New York Mets rallied to beat the Atlanta Braves 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dan Uggla hit a tying , two - run homer in the seventh	True
NEW YORK -- Dan Uggla hit a two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the New York Mets rallied to beat the Atlanta Braves 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dan Uggla hit a tying , two - run homer in the seventh , and Lucas Duda and John Buck each had an RBI single in the eighth	True
Dan Uggla hit a tying , two - run homer in the seventh , and Lucas Duda and John Buck each had an RBI single in the eighth to help the Mets win for the sixth time in seven games . Bobby Parnell struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Bobby Parnell struck out two in a perfect ninth for his seventh save in nine chances . LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Cory Gearrin ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and four hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth	True
Cory Gearrin ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and four hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Cory Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Cory Gearrin ( 1 - 1 ) gave up three runs and four hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Cory Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for his first major league win , and Bobby Parnell struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Cory Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for his first major league win , and Bobby Parnell struck out two in a perfect ninth for his seventh save in eight chances . Lucas Duda hit a leadoff homer in the fourth	True
Atlanta 's Ike Davis hit a two - run single in the eighth inning off Cory Gearrin to give the Mets a 4 - 2 lead . Ike Davis added a two - run single in the eighth	True
Adam LaRoche had two hits and scored twice for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Denard Span had an RBI double in the seventh	True
Adam LaRoche had two hits and scored twice for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Denard Span had an RBI double in the seventh , and Tyler Moore added a run - scoring single in the eighth	False
Cabrera had three hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in four runs to help the Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run double in the fourth	True
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run double in the fourth to give the Padres a 7 - 4 lead . Cabrera had a two - run double in the fourth	True
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run double in the fourth to give the Padres a 7 - 4 lead . Cabrera had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth	True
Cabrera had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . He had a two - run double in the fourth	True
Cabrera had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . He had a two - run double in the fourth , a two - run double in the fourth	True
Cabrera had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . He had a two - run double in the fourth , a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth	False
He had a two - run double in the fourth , a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . Cabrera had a two - run double in the fourth	False
He had a two - run double in the fourth , a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . Cabrera had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth	False
Cabrera had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . He had a two - run double in the fourth	True
Cabrera had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . He had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth	False
He walked one and struck out one . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a two - run double in the fourth	True
Cabrera 's two - run double in the fourth gave the Padres a 7 - 4 lead , and Cabrera 's two - run double in the fourth made it 7 - 4 . Chavez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Cabrera 's two - run double in the fourth made it 7 - 4 , and Cabrera 's two - run double in the fourth made it 7 - 4 . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Paul Goldschmidt and a run - scoring double by Chris Denorfia . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
He struck out six and did not walk a batter . Miami 's Derek Dietrich hit a solo homer in the top of the ninth	False
It was the first game - ending hit of the season for Gillaspie , who had three hits . He had three hits , including a double in the ninth	True
The White Sox have lost six of seven . Miami had a chance to score in the eighth	True
The White Sox have lost six of seven . Miami had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter Casper Wise led off with a single and advanced to second	False
He struck out four and walked three . Grant Balfour pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . Brandon Moss hit a go - ahead triple in the sixth	True
Jed Lowrie 's sacrifice fly in the bottom of the inning tied the game at 1 . The A 's scored in the first	True
The A 's scored in the first on Billy Butler 's two - out RBI single . Brandon Moss hit a go - ahead triple in the sixth	True
Brandon Moss hit a go - ahead triple in the sixth to give the Royals a 2 - 1 lead . The A 's scored their first run in the first	True
The Royals tied it in the bottom half on Brandon Moss ' RBI triple off the wall in right - center . Brandon Moss hit a go - ahead triple in the sixth	True
Brandon Moss hit a go - ahead triple in the sixth to give the Royals a 2 - 1 lead . The Royals had runners on first	False
Brandon Moss hit a go - ahead triple in the sixth to give the Royals a 2 - 1 lead . The Royals had runners on first and second	False
Brandon Moss hit a go - ahead triple in the sixth to give the Royals a 2 - 1 lead . The Royals had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
The Royals had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Milone struck out Elliot Johnson to end the threat . The Royals had runners on first	False
The Royals had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Milone struck out Elliot Johnson to end the threat . The Royals had runners on first and second	False
The Royals had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Milone struck out Elliot Johnson to end the threat . The Royals had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	False
Pacheco hit a go - ahead grand slam in the fifth inning , and the Colorado Rockies beat the San Francisco Giants 10 - 9 on Tuesday night . Pacheco , who had a career - high five RBIs , hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Pacheco , who had a career - high five RBIs , hit a three - run homer in the fifth to give the Rockies a 9 - 5 lead . Buster Posey hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
He walked two and struck out four . The Rockies took a 4 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Rockies took a 4 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Sandoval and a run - scoring single by Brandon Crawford . The Giants scored three runs in the second	True
The Giants scored three runs in the second , including a run - scoring single by Sandoval , who had three hits and drove in a run . The Rockies took a 4 - 0 lead in the second	True
Jorge De La Rosa ( 5 - 3 ) allowed five runs and nine hits in five innings for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Rafael Betancourt struck out the side in the ninth	True
Rafael Betancourt struck out the side in the ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Sandoval 's two - out RBI single . The Rockies made it 4 - 0 in the second	True
It was the second time this season the Rockies have hit back - to - back home runs . Rosario hit a three - run shot in the third	True
It was the second time this season the Rockies have hit back - to - back home runs . Rosario hit a three - run shot in the third and Crawford added a three - run double in the fourth	True
It was the first time the Giants had scored at least eight runs in a game this season . The Rockies took a 6 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Rockies took a 6 - 0 lead in the fourth on Rosario 's three - run homer and Angel Pagan 's two - out , two - run single . The Giants took a 6 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
The right - hander , who signed a $ 36 million , three - year deal with the Indians in December , struck out a season - high nine and walked three . The right - hander , who was acquired in a trade with the New York Yankees in the offseason , struck out the side in the first inning and retired the side in order in the fourth	True
The right - hander walked three and struck out nine in his first complete game of the season . Jason Kipnis hit a solo homer in the first	True
The Indians scored three runs in the first inning off Justin Verlander ( 4 - 3 ) , who gave up four runs -- three earned -- on six hits and five walks in five innings . Jhonny Peralta led off the third	True
The Indians scored three runs in the first inning off Justin Verlander ( 4 - 3 ) , who gave up four runs -- three earned -- on six hits and five walks in five innings . Jhonny Peralta led off the third with his seventh homer of the season , and Asdrubal Cabrera had an RBI single in the fifth	True
Jhonny Peralta led off the third with his seventh homer of the season , and Asdrubal Cabrera had an RBI single in the fifth to make it 5 - 1 . Nick Swisher 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 in the second	True
Jhonny Peralta led off the third with his seventh homer of the season , and Asdrubal Cabrera had an RBI single in the fifth to make it 5 - 1 . Nick Swisher 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 in the second , and Asdrubal Cabrera 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 in the second	True
Nick Swisher 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 in the second , and Asdrubal Cabrera 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 in the second . The Indians added three runs in the fifth	True
Michael Brantley led off with a double and scored on Mark Reynolds ' single to make it 5 - 1 . Omar Infante hit a two - run triple in the seventh	True
Omar Infante hit a two - run triple in the seventh , and Mike Aviles added an RBI single to make it 7 - 2 . Chris Perez gave up a run - scoring single to Torii Hunter in the ninth	True
Mark Trumbo hit a two - run double and Alberto Callaspo had a pair of sacrifice flies to lift the Angels to a 6 - 5 victory over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . The Angels trailed 5 - 3 before scoring three times in the sixth	True
The Angels tied it in the bottom half on Dominguez 's two - out , two - run single . The Angels tied it in the sixth	True
He walked three and struck out two . Ryan Arcia had a career - high four hits , including a two - run double in the fifth	True
The Red Sox scored six runs in the first inning , including a two - run double by Justin Morneau and a two - run homer by Jonny Gomes . The Red Sox scored five runs in the first	True
The Red Sox scored six runs in the first inning , including a two - run double by Justin Morneau and a two - run homer by Jonny Gomes . The Red Sox scored five runs in the first , including a two - run homer by Ryan Doumit , and a two - run double by Trevor Plouffe in the fifth	True
The Red Sox scored five runs in the first , including a two - run homer by Ryan Doumit , and a two - run double by Trevor Plouffe in the fifth . Pedro Florimon had a two - run double in the fifth	True
Boston scored five runs in the first inning , including a two - run homer by Pedro Florimon , and a two - run single by Oswaldo Arcia . The Red Sox scored five runs in the first	True
The Red Sox scored five runs in the first , including a two - run homer by Gomes . The Red Sox scored five runs in the first	True
Doumit 's two - run homer in the bottom half made it 4 - 0 . It was the first homer for Doumit , who had a two - run shot in the first inning and a two - run homer in the first	True
It was the first homer for Doumit , who had a two - run shot in the first inning and a two - run homer in the first . The Twins took a 5 - 4 lead in the second	True
He struck out four and walked one . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth	True
Denard Span had three hits and drove in two runs for the Nationals , who have won three of four . Dan Uggla hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
He struck out nine and walked two . Chris Parmelee hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
The Twins have lost six of seven . Minnesota 's Darin Downs gave up a solo homer to Chris Parmelee in the eighth	True
The Twins have lost six of seven . Minnesota 's Darin Downs gave up a solo homer to Chris Parmelee in the eighth , his first	False
Minnesota 's Darin Downs gave up a solo homer to Chris Parmelee in the eighth , his first of the season . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Justin Morneau 's RBI double and Jamey Carroll 's run - scoring double . The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Twins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Pedro Florimon and a run - scoring double by Pedro Florimon . The Tigers made it 3 - 0 in the second	True
The Tigers made it 3 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring double by Morneau and a run - scoring double by Pedro Florimon . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Morneau and a run - scoring double by Pedro Florimon . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
He walked two and struck out two . Jason Bay homered in the seventh	True
Jason Bay homered in the seventh for the Mariners , who have lost five of six . Kevin Gregg pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked two and struck out two . The Cubs scored three runs in the fourth	True
Brian Bogusevic followed with an RBI double to make it 3 - 0 , and Rizzo followed with an RBI single to make it 7 - 1 . Seager hit a two - run homer off Shawn Camp in the eighth	True
The right - hander struck out five and walked one . Edwin Encarnacion cut the deficit to 3 - 0 with a solo homer in the ninth	True
The right - hander struck out five and walked one . Edwin Encarnacion cut the deficit to 3 - 0 with a solo homer in the ninth off Jamey Wright , who struck out two in a perfect eighth	True
The Blue Jays have been shut out three times this season . Tampa Bay 's Jose Bautista hit a one - out double in the first	True
Tampa Bay 's Jose Bautista hit a one - out double in the first and scored on Melky Cabrera 's single . Lind tied it with a solo homer in the sixth	True
Craig hit a three - run homer and drove in three runs , Jake Westbrook pitched six solid innings and the Cardinals beat the Houston Astros 13 - 5 on Tuesday night . Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and a two - run shot off Josh Fields in the eighth	True
Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and a two - run shot off Josh Fields in the eighth to push the Cardinals ' lead to 11 - 4 . Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth to make it 11 - 4 . Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth	False
Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth to make it 11 - 4 . Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth , and David Freese hit a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Houston starter Lucas Harrell ( 5 - 8 ) allowed seven runs -- seven earned -- and seven hits with four walks in 3 1/3 innings . Craig Mujica relieved Lucas Harrell with the bases loaded and one out in the sixth	True
It was the second time this season the Cardinals have hit back - to - back home runs . Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth to make it 11 - 4 . Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth	False
Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning to make it 11 - 4 . Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
It was his first career four - hit game . Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth to make it 11 - 4 . Craig hit a two - run homer in the eighth	False
The Twins scored twice in the third inning to take a 2 - 1 lead . Josh Willingham 's RBI single made it 2 - 1 , and Dietrich homered off Brian Duensing to make it 3 - 1 in the seventh	True
It was the third time this season the Marlins have hit back - to - back home runs . Ozuna hit an RBI double in the eighth	True
Ozuna hit an RBI double in the eighth to make it 4 - 2 . Steve Cishek pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked three and struck out three . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Josh Willingham 's two - out RBI single . Miami went ahead 2 - 1 in the sixth	True
Kevin Frandsen 's two - run pinch - hit homer in the seventh inning gave Philadelphia a 6 - 1 lead . It was the first game - ending hit of the season for Howard , who had a two - run single in the first inning and a solo homer in the fifth	True
It was the first game - ending hit of the season for Howard , who had a two - run single in the first inning and a solo homer in the fifth . Howard hit a two - run single in the first	True
It was the first game - ending hit of the season for Howard , who had a two - run single in the first inning and a solo homer in the fifth . Howard hit a two - run single in the first and added a solo shot in the fifth	True
Howard hit a two - run single in the first and added a solo shot in the fifth to give the Phillies a 6 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Howard , who had a two - run single in the first	True
Howard hit a two - run single in the first and added a solo shot in the fifth to give the Phillies a 6 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Howard , who had a two - run single in the first and a solo homer in the fifth	False
Carlos Torres ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss . Jonathan Papelbon ( 2 - 0 ) pitched the top of the ninth	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Howard and a two - run single by Howard . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
SAN FRANCISCO -- Pinch-hitter Hector Sanchez had a game - winning RBI single in the 11th inning , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Miami Marlins 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Gregor Blanco singled with one out in the 11th	True
SAN FRANCISCO -- Pinch-hitter Hector Sanchez had a game - winning RBI single in the 11th inning , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Miami Marlins 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Gregor Blanco singled with one out in the 11th against Mike Dunn ( 2 - 2 ) , stole second	False
SAN FRANCISCO -- Pinch-hitter Hector Sanchez had a game - winning RBI single in the 11th inning , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Miami Marlins 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Gregor Blanco singled with one out in the 11th against Mike Dunn ( 2 - 2 ) , stole second and advanced to third	False
He struck out two and walked one . The Marlins had runners on first	False
He struck out two and walked one . The Marlins had runners on first and second	False
He struck out two and walked one . The Marlins had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th	True
The Marlins had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Turner struck out pinch - hitter Juan Pierre to end the threat . The Marlins had runners on first	False
The Marlins had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Turner struck out pinch - hitter Juan Pierre to end the threat . The Marlins had runners on first and second	False
The Marlins had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Turner struck out pinch - hitter Juan Pierre to end the threat . The Marlins had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th	False
The Marlins had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Rosario struck out to end the inning . Blanco had three hits , including an RBI double in the fifth	True
Placido Polanco had three hits for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Miami 's Marcell Ozuna extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first	True
Miami 's Marcell Ozuna extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first . He was replaced by pinch - runner Juan Pierre , who left the game in the bottom of the sixth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Jason Grilli pitched a perfect ninth	True
Pedro Alvarez and Albert Pujols homered for the Angels , who have lost five of six . Mercer had three hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and a two - run shot in the second	True
Mercer had three hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and a two - run shot in the second . The Angels added a run in the seventh	True
Dayan Viciedo hit a three - run homer , Hector Santiago pitched eight innings of three - hit ball and the White Sox beat the Kansas City Royals 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Alejandro De Aza hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.41 ERA in four starts against the Royals this season . The White Sox scored three runs in the first	True
He walked three and struck out one . Eric Hosmer hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
He struck out three and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . Cody Ransom and Ryan Sweeney hit back - to - back two - run homers in the first	True
Cody Ransom and Ryan Sweeney hit back - to - back two - run homers in the first for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Cody Ransom hit a solo homer in the first	True
Alfonso Soriano 's RBI double and Sweeney 's two - run homer made it 4 - 0 . Beltran homered in the sixth	True
Beltran homered in the sixth to cut the deficit to 4 - 1 . Beltran homered off Samardzija in the sixth	True
Beltran homered off Samardzija in the sixth to cut the Cardinals ' lead to 4 - 1 . Beltran homered in the sixth	True
Beltran homered in the sixth to cut the Cardinals ' lead to 4 - 1 . Beltran homered in the sixth	True
Beltran homered in the sixth to cut the Cardinals ' lead to 4 - 1 . Beltran homered in the sixth	True
Beltran homered in the sixth to cut the Cardinals ' lead to 4 - 1 . Beltran homered in the sixth	True
Beltran homered in the sixth to cut the Cardinals ' lead to 4 - 1 . Beltran homered in the sixth	True
Alex Presley had three hits , including a home run , and drove in a run for the Dodgers . Jason Grilli pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Jason Grilli pitched a scoreless ninth for his major league - leading 25th save in 28 opportunities . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Garrett Jones and a run - scoring single by Ethier . The Pirates tied it in the fourth	True
It was the second time this season the Pirates had scored at least five runs in a game . Alvarez hit a three - run homer off Greinke in the fifth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Greinke in five starts this season . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
It was the first home run allowed by Greinke in five starts this season . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Ethier 's RBI single and Puig 's run - scoring single in the fourth	True
The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Ethier 's RBI single and Puig 's run - scoring single in the fourth . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
Reed Johnson pinch ran for Freeman and scored on Justin Upton 's bases - loaded walk to make it 5 - 5 . Kimbrel ( 2 - 1 ) pitched out of a bases - loaded jam in the top of the ninth	True
Kimbrel ( 2 - 1 ) pitched out of a bases - loaded jam in the top of the ninth to earn the win . Sergio Romo ( 3 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up two runs -- one earned -- and two hits in one - third	True
Sergio Romo ( 3 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up two runs -- one earned -- and two hits in one - third of an inning . Kimbrel ( 2 - 1 ) pitched out of a bases - loaded jam in the top of the ninth	True
Kimbrel ( 2 - 1 ) pitched out of a bases - loaded jam in the top of the ninth to earn the win . Sergio Romo ( 3 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up two runs -- one earned -- on two hits and two walks in one - third	True
The Giants have lost four of five . Upton 's RBI single in the ninth	True
Upton 's RBI single in the ninth off Sergio Romo ( 3 - 3 ) gave the Braves a 5 - 4 lead . Upton 's RBI single in the ninth	False
Upton 's RBI single in the ninth off Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 1 ) gave the Giants a 5 - 4 lead . Upton 's RBI single in the ninth	False
Upton 's RBI single off Javier Lopez in the ninth gave the Braves a 5 - 4 lead . The Giants took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth	True
It was Atlanta 's first multihomer game of the season . The Giants scored three runs in the third	True
Andres Torres hit a run - scoring double and scored on Buster Posey 's double to left - center . Buster Posey 's RBI double made it 4 - 2 in the fourth	True
Upton 's two - run homer off Chad Gaudin in the sixth cut the lead to 4 - 4 . Upton hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Harrell ( 5 - 7 ) allowed three runs and seven hits with seven strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings . Jose Veras pitched the ninth	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox had a chance to score in the first	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox had a chance to score in the first when Alexei Ramirez led off with a single , stole second	False
The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox had a chance to score in the first when Alexei Ramirez led off with a single , stole second and went to third	False
The White Sox had a chance to score in the first when Alexei Ramirez led off with a single , stole second and went to third on catcher Tyler Flowers ' throwing error . Ramirez stole third	False
Ramirez stole third and scored on a single by Paul Konerko to tie it at 1 - 1 . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ronny Cedeno hit a two - out RBI double to tie it at 1 - 1 . The White Sox tied it in the second	True
The White Sox tied it in the second when Matt Dominguez doubled and scored on a single by Gordon Beckham . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a solo homer by Dunn . Chicago tied it in the second	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a solo homer by Dunn . Chicago tied it in the second when Matt Dominguez doubled , stole third	False
He struck out two and walked one . Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked four and struck out three . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Jhonny Peralta 's two - run single in the fourth gave the Twins a 2 - 0 lead . Plouffe hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Plouffe hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Twins a 2 - 0 lead . It was Plouffe 's fourth homer of the season and second	False
It was Plouffe 's fourth homer of the season and second in two games . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Pestano ( 1 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in one inning . Drew Storen ( 1 - 1 ) got the final out in the eighth	True
Drew Storen ( 1 - 1 ) got the final out in the eighth for his first major league win . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth	True
Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . Anthony Rendon hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . Anthony Rendon hit a solo homer in the eighth off Joe Smith , who gave up a pinch - hit homer to Chad Tracy in the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out two . Carlos Santana hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Carlos Santana hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland took a 5 - 0 lead in the third	True
Cleveland took a 5 - 0 lead in the third . Aviles led off with a double , moved to third	False
Michael Brantley 's two - out , two - run double in the fifth made it 5 - 4 . The Indians took a 6 - 5 lead in the fifth	True
The Indians took a 6 - 5 lead in the fifth on a solo homer by Mark Reynolds and a run - scoring single by Swisher , who had three hits . The Indians took a 6 - 5 lead in the fifth	False
The right - hander struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Eric Hosmer hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
The Dodgers have lost six of seven and have won six of their last seven games . The Dodgers scored three runs in the bottom of the 12th	True
Cliff Pennington singled in a run in the bottom of the inning to give the Diamondbacks a 5 - 4 lead , but the Diamondbacks tied it in the bottom half on Martin Prado 's RBI double and Mark Ellis ' run - scoring groundout . Josh Collmenter ( 3 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Heath Bell gave up a two - run homer to Ramon Hernandez in the bottom of the 12th	True
Ramirez singled home the winning run with one out in the ninth inning , lifting the Milwaukee Brewers to a 5 - 4 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Tuesday night . Aramis Ramirez singled in a run off Jeremy Horst ( 0 - 2 ) to give the Brewers a 5 - 4 lead in the bottom of the ninth	True
Aramis Ramirez singled in a run off Jeremy Horst ( 0 - 2 ) to give the Brewers a 5 - 4 lead in the bottom of the ninth . Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander struck out six and walked none . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jimmy Rollins ' two - out RBI single . The Brewers added a run in the fourth	True
The Brewers added a run in the fourth on an RBI double by Delmon Young and a run - scoring double by Yuniesky Betancourt . Erik Kratz hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Erik Kratz hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Phillies a 4 - 0 lead . The Phillies scored three runs in the fourth	True
The Phillies scored three runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Norichika Aoki led off with a single , stole second	False
The Phillies scored three runs in the fourth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Norichika Aoki led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer , Dallas Keuchel pitched six solid innings and the Astros beat the Baltimore Orioles 11 - 7 on Tuesday night . Carlos Pena hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Marwin Gonzalez added a solo shot in the fourth	True
He struck out three , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . Houston 's J. J. Hardy hit a solo homer in the fourth inning and a solo shot off Paul Clemens in the seventh	True
Houston 's J. J. Hardy hit a solo homer in the fourth inning and a solo shot off Paul Clemens in the seventh . Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Houston 's J. J. Hardy hit a solo homer in the fourth inning and a solo shot off Paul Clemens in the seventh . Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the eighth and Manny Machado added an RBI single in the eighth	False
Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the eighth and Manny Machado added an RBI single in the eighth for the Orioles , who have won six of their last seven games . Travis Blackley came on in the seventh	True
Travis Blackley came on in the seventh and gave up a two - run homer to Matt Wieters and a two - run shot to Dominguez that made it 9 - 4 . Martinez hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
It was the first time this season the Astros hit back - to - back home runs . Martinez hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Keuchel in his last five starts . Castro hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Castro hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 6 - 1 . Garcia hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Keuchel in his last five starts , and his first since July 26 . Garcia hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Garcia in his last five starts , and his first since July 26 . Garcia hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Garcia in three starts this season . Garcia hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Garcia hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 6 - 1 . Garcia hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Garcia hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 6 - 1 . Garcia hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Garcia hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 6 - 1 . The Astros added a run in the seventh	False
Pujols hit a go - ahead sacrifice fly in the seventh inning , Howie Kendrick had three hits and the Angels beat the Chicago Cubs 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Pujols hit a sacrifice fly in the first inning and a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Pujols hit a sacrifice fly in the first inning and a two - run homer in the eighth off Carlos Villanueva ( 1 - 4 ) . Pujols hit a sacrifice fly in the first inning and a two - run homer in the eighth	False
Pujols hit a sacrifice fly in the first inning and a two - run homer in the eighth off Robert Coello ( 2 - 1 ) . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 9.00 ERA in his previous four starts against the Angels , including a 1 - 0 loss to the Chicago Cubs on July 26 . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Cubs tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Nate Schierholtz . The Cubs tied it in the third	True
The Cubs tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Nate Schierholtz . The Cubs tied it in the third when Erick Aybar led off with a single , stole second	False
Teixeira hit his first career grand slam , Travis Hafner and Brett Gardner each had a two - run single and the Yankees beat the Cleveland Indians 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Teixeira hit a three - run homer off Justin Masterson ( 8 - 4 ) in the third inning and added a three - run shot in the third	True
Teixeira hit a three - run homer off Justin Masterson ( 8 - 4 ) in the third inning and added a three - run shot in the third to give the Yankees a 4 - 1 lead . Teixeira hit a three - run homer in the third	True
Teixeira hit a three - run homer off Justin Masterson ( 8 - 4 ) in the third inning and added a three - run shot in the third to give the Yankees a 4 - 1 lead . Teixeira hit a three - run homer in the third , and Travis Hafner added a solo shot in the seventh	True
Shawn Kelley ( 3 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Mariano Rivera worked the ninth	True
The Yankees have won four straight and seven of nine . Teixeira hit a three - run homer off Justin Masterson ( 8 - 4 ) in the third inning and added a three - run shot in the third	True
Teixeira hit a three - run homer off Justin Masterson ( 8 - 4 ) in the third inning and added a three - run shot in the third to give New York a 4 - 1 lead . Teixeira hit a three - run homer in the third	True
Teixeira hit a three - run homer off Justin Masterson ( 8 - 4 ) in the third inning and added a three - run shot in the third to give New York a 4 - 1 lead . Teixeira hit a three - run homer in the third , and Carlos Santana had a two - run double in the fifth	True
Teixeira hit a three - run homer in the third , and Carlos Santana had a two - run double in the fifth to give the Yankees a 4 - 4 lead . The Yankees took a 4 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked two . Heath Bell pitched the eighth	True
He struck out five and walked two . Heath Bell pitched the eighth and Kevin Gregg worked a perfect eighth	True
The right - hander is 5 - 0 in his last six starts . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Paul Goldschmidt 's RBI single and a two - run homer by Scott Hairston . Arizona took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
CHICAGO -- Paul Goldschmidt and Nate Schierholtz hit back - to - back home runs in the seventh inning , leading the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 12 - 4 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . Goldschmidt hit a three - run shot off Carlos Marmol ( 2 - 3 ) in the eighth	True
Goldschmidt hit a three - run shot off Carlos Marmol ( 2 - 3 ) in the eighth to give the Diamondbacks a 4 - 3 lead . Goldschmidt hit a three - run homer off Zach Putnam in the eighth	True
Goldschmidt hit a three - run homer off Zach Putnam in the eighth to give the Diamondbacks a 4 - 3 lead . Kubel added a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the ninth	True
The Cubs tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Welington Castillo . The Cubs tied it at 4 in the seventh	True
Denorfia 's pinch - hit , two - run pinch - hit homer off Chapman in the ninth gave the Padres a 2 - 1 win over the Reds on Tuesday night . Luke Gregerson ( 5 - 5 ) struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Luke Gregerson ( 5 - 5 ) struck out two in a perfect ninth for the win . Yonder Alonso led off the bottom of the ninth	True
Luke Gregerson ( 5 - 5 ) struck out two in a perfect ninth for the win . Yonder Alonso led off the bottom of the ninth with a single off Chapman and pinch - hitter Jack Hannahan sacrificed him to third	False
He struck out eight and walked two . Giancarlo Stanton hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Giancarlo Stanton hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Stanton hit a solo homer in the sixth	False
It was the third time this season the Marlins have hit back - to - back home runs . Stanton hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
It was the third time this season the Marlins have hit back - to - back home runs . Stanton hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Puig hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Curtis Partch ( 0 - 1 ) into the left - field pavilion with two outs in the bottom of the inning . It was his third homer of the season and second	False
Curtis Cingrani struck out a career - high 11 in seven innings for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Cingrani ( 4 - 1 ) struck out a career - high 11 in seven innings , allowing only a one - out single to Hanley Ramirez in the fourth	True
Cingrani ( 4 - 1 ) struck out a career - high 11 in seven innings , allowing only a one - out single to Hanley Ramirez in the fourth . He was lifted for a pinch - hitter in the seventh	True
The right - hander allowed one hit and struck out a career - high 11 in seven innings . The right - hander struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fourth	True
Cingrani gave up one hit and one walk in seven innings , striking out a career - high 11 . The right - hander struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fourth	True
The right - hander struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fourth . The Dodgers had runners on first	False
The right - hander struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fourth . The Dodgers had runners on first and second	False
The right - hander struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fourth . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the second	True
The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Cingrani struck out Adrian Gonzalez to end the threat . The Reds had runners on first	False
The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Cingrani struck out Adrian Gonzalez to end the threat . The Reds had runners on first and second	False
The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Cingrani struck out Adrian Gonzalez to end the threat . The Reds had runners on first and second with one out in the second	True
He walked three and struck out one . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Krauss and a two - run double by Krauss . The Blue Jays tied it in the third	True
The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on a two - run homer by Krauss and a two - run shot by Krauss . The Blue Jays tied it at 4 in the sixth	True
The Blue Jays tied it at 4 in the sixth on a run - scoring double by Maicer Izturis and a run - scoring single by Jason Castro . The Astros tied it at 4 in the seventh	False
He struck out five and walked three . Huston Street pitched the ninth	True
Huston Street pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . The Brewers scored four runs in the seventh	True
Rene Rivera had an RBI single and Juan Francisco scored on a wild pitch to make it 10 - 6 . Betancourt had four hits , including a run - scoring single in the ninth	True
Betancourt had four hits , including a run - scoring single in the ninth . He had a run - scoring single in the eighth	True
Betancourt had four hits , including a run - scoring single in the ninth . He had a run - scoring single in the eighth and a run - scoring single in the seventh	False
He had a run - scoring single in the eighth and a run - scoring single in the seventh . Quentin , who had three hits , hit a two - run homer in the third	True
He had a run - scoring single in the eighth and a run - scoring single in the seventh . Quentin , who had three hits , hit a two - run homer in the third and added a sacrifice fly in the seventh	False
It was the first home run by a Padres player this season . The Brewers added three runs in the seventh	True
The right - hander struck out three and did not walk a batter . Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Orioles , who have lost three of their past four games . Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 in the first	True
Matt Wieters hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Orioles , who have lost three of their past four games . Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 in the first when David Lough led off with a single , stole second	False
Wieters ' two - out , two - run homer in the fourth gave the Royals a 3 - 1 lead . It was Wieters ' second homer of the season and second	False
It was Wieters ' second homer of the season and second in two games . Hosmer hit a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Hosmer hit a two - run shot in the eighth off Darren O'Day ( 5 - 1 ) , who was making his major league debut . O'Day ( 5 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and two hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth	True
O'Day ( 5 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and two hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Luke Hochevar ( 3 - 1 ) pitched the ninth	True
The Twins have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Los Angeles Angels in the AL West . Herrmann , who had three hits , hit a three - run homer in the 10th	True
Herrmann , who had three hits , hit a three - run homer in the 10th to give the Twins a 3 - 2 lead . The Angels tied it in the ninth	False
Herrmann , who had three hits , hit a three - run homer in the 10th to give the Twins a 3 - 2 lead . The Angels tied it in the ninth against Ernesto Frieri ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up four hits and five runs in one - third	True
The Angels tied it in the ninth against Ernesto Frieri ( 0 - 2 ) , who gave up four hits and five runs in one - third of an inning . Aaron Hicks led off the 10th	True
Ryan Doumit followed with an RBI double off Billy Buckner to tie the score at 2 - all . Florimon hit a two - run homer off Glen Perkins ( 2 - 0 ) in the 10th	True
Florimon hit a two - run homer off Glen Perkins ( 2 - 0 ) in the 10th to give the Angels a 3 - 2 lead . The Angels tied it in the ninth	True
The Angels tied it in the ninth against Glen Perkins ( 2 - 0 ) . Jamey Carroll led off with a single , stole second	False
The Angels tied it in the ninth against Glen Perkins ( 2 - 0 ) . Jamey Carroll led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
The right - hander struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The right - hander struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The Angels took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - out homer by Mark Trumbo , but the Angels tied it in the seventh	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Twins took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Twins took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Clete Trumbo and a run - scoring double by Doug Bernier . The Twins tied it in the second	True
The Twins tied it in the second on a two - out RBI double by Howie Kendrick . Thomas hit a two - out RBI double in the second	True
Thomas hit a two - out RBI double in the second and scored on a two - out double by Mike Trout . The Twins tied it at 2 in the second	True
The Twins tied it at 2 in the second on a two - out RBI double by Doug Bernier . The Twins tied it at 2 in the second	False
The Twins tied it at 2 in the second on a two - out RBI double by Thomas and a run - scoring double by Aaron Hicks . The Angels tied it at 2 in the second	False
The Angels tied it at 2 in the second on a two - out RBI double by Doug Bernier . The Twins tied it in the second	True
He gave up one run and struck out six . Jason Grilli pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Beltre led off the ninth	True
Darren O'Day got the last two outs for his second save in three chances . The Rangers had a chance to score in the fifth	True
Darren O'Day got the last two outs for his second save in three chances . The Rangers had a chance to score in the fifth when David Murphy was thrown out at the plate trying to score from first	False
The Rangers had a chance to score in the fifth when David Murphy was thrown out at the plate trying to score from first on Craig Gentry 's two - out single to right . David Murphy was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second	False
Machado 's RBI single in the fourth made it 4 - 0 . The Rangers had a chance to score in the fifth	True
Machado 's RBI single in the fourth made it 4 - 0 . The Rangers had a chance to score in the fifth when Roberts led off with a single and advanced to third	False
He walked one and struck out five . Kelly Johnson hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
He walked one and struck out five . Evan Longoria hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Evan Longoria hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Blue Jays , who have lost four of five . Brett Cecil ( 3 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in one - third	True
The Blue Jays lost for the fifth time in six games . Toronto 's J. P. Arencibia hit a leadoff homer in the third	True
He walked none and struck out four . Toronto 's Brett Lawrie homered off Jake McGee with one out in the ninth	True
Santana ( 6 - 6 ) allowed two hits , struck out six and walked one in 7 1/3 innings . Greg Holland worked a perfect ninth	True
Billy Butler had an RBI single in the first inning for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Detroit 's Phil Coke got two outs in the seventh	True
Billy Butler had an RBI single in the first inning for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Detroit 's Phil Coke got two outs in the seventh , and Kelvin Herrera got two outs in the eighth	False
Billy Butler had an RBI single in the first inning for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Detroit 's Phil Coke got two outs in the seventh , and Kelvin Herrera got two outs in the eighth and Greg Holland worked a perfect ninth	True
Logan Schafer homered and drove in two runs , Wily Peralta pitched seven strong innings and the Brewers beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Carlos Gomez had a two - run single in the first inning , and Logan Schafer added a solo homer in the fifth	True
Schafer 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 0 . Schafer led off the fifth	True
Schafer led off the fifth with his third home run of the season , a two - run shot that made it 5 - 0 . Montero led off the fifth	True
Montero led off the fifth with a home run to make it 5 - 0 . Schafer led off the fifth	True
Montero led off the fifth with a home run to make it 5 - 0 . Schafer led off the fifth with a home run to left , his third	False
Schafer led off the fifth with a home run to left , his third of the season . The Brewers had runners on first	False
Schafer led off the fifth with a home run to left , his third of the season . The Brewers had runners on first and second	False
Schafer led off the fifth with a home run to left , his third of the season . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Peralta struck out Jason Kubel and Martin Prado to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first	False
The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Peralta struck out Jason Kubel and Martin Prado to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second	False
The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Peralta struck out Jason Kubel and Martin Prado to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Eury Eury De La Rosa struck out pinch - hitter Rickie Weeks and Yuniesky Betancourt to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Eury Eury De La Rosa struck out pinch - hitter Rickie Weeks and Yuniesky Betancourt to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Eury Eury De La Rosa struck out pinch - hitter Rickie Weeks and Yuniesky Betancourt to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	False
NEW YORK -- Ryan Doumit and the Minnesota Twins have been waiting for a long time . Ryan Doumit hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning , Pedro Florimon added a two - run shot in the eighth	True
He struck out three and walked three . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth	True
He struck out 10 and walked one . Pedro Florimon hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Pedro Florimon hit a two - run homer in the eighth off Shawn Kelley to make it 4 - 1 . Pedro Florimon hit a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Pedro Florimon hit a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Yankees a 4 - 1 lead . Pedro Florimon hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Pedro Florimon hit a two - run homer in the eighth to give the Yankees a 4 - 1 lead . Pedro Florimon hit a two - run homer in the eighth	False
Girardi was ejected in the eighth inning for arguing a called third strike . New York had runners on first	False
Girardi was ejected in the eighth inning for arguing a called third strike . New York had runners on first and second	False
Girardi was ejected in the eighth inning for arguing a called third strike . New York had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	True
The Yankees have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Yankees in the AL East . Robinson Cano had an RBI single in the first	True
The Yankees have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Yankees in the AL East . Robinson Cano had an RBI single in the first , and Trevor Plouffe homered in the second	True
Lackey ( 7 - 6 ) allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked four . Koji Uehara struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The A 's took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Boston tied it in the bottom half on Pedroia 's two - out , two - run single . Lowrie homered leading off the sixth	True
Lowrie homered leading off the sixth to tie the game at 2 . It was Lowrie 's fourth	False
Lowrie homered leading off the sixth to tie the game at 2 . It was Lowrie 's fourth of the season and second	False
It was Lowrie 's fourth of the season and second in two days . The A 's loaded the bases with one out in the eighth	True
The Angels scored a run in the first inning on a double by Zunino and a sacrifice fly by Dustin Ackley . Ibanez hit a two - out solo homer in the seventh	True
It was the first multihomer game of his career . Morales added a solo shot in the seventh	True
The Mets have lost five of six and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . Jordy Mercer hit a two - out single in the 11th	True
Pedro Alvarez hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by David Wright and a run - scoring double by Daniel Murphy . The Mets tied it in the sixth	True
The Mets tied it in the sixth when Jose Tabata led off with a single and scored on David Wright 's single . Pittsburgh 's Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Pittsburgh 's Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit a solo homer in the seventh for a 2 - 0 lead . It was his third homer of the season and second	False
He struck out eight and walked two . Addison Reed pitched the ninth	True
Phegley 's slam in the sixth gave the White Sox a 5 - 3 lead . Alejandro De Aza added a solo homer in the eighth	False
He struck out eight and walked two . Detroit 's Matt Tuiasosopo hit a two - run homer in the second inning , his first	False
Detroit 's Matt Tuiasosopo hit a two - run homer in the second inning , his first of the season . The White Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
Victor Martinez led off with a single and Phegley followed with his first homer of the season , a three - run shot that made it 3 - 1 . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Sean Halton homered for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Gomez . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Devin Mesoraco . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Phillips and a run - scoring groundout by Carlos Gomez . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Phillips . Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jay Bruce 's RBI groundout and a sacrifice fly by Devin Mesoraco . Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Gomez . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
David Ortiz hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Felix Doubront pitched seven strong innings and the Red Sox beat the Seattle Mariners 11 - 4 on Tuesday night . Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth . Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth	False
Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth . Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth	False
Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth . Ortiz hit a two - run homer off Aaron Harang ( 4 - 8 ) in the third	True
Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth . Ortiz hit a two - run homer off Aaron Harang ( 4 - 8 ) in the third and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth	False
He walked three and did not strike out a batter . Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth . Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth	False
Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth . Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a sacrifice fly in the sixth	False
Adrian Beltre hit a solo homer for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Cory Burns ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Cory Burns ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth	False
The Blue Jays have lost six of their past seven games . Minnesota 's Joe Mauer extended his hitting streak to a career - high 13 games with a single in the first	True
He was replaced by Edwin Encarnacion , who walked . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with one out in the second	True
The Blue Jays loaded the bases with one out in the second , but Buehrle escaped the jam by striking out Trevor Plouffe and getting Chris Parmelee to ground into an inning - ending double play . Reyes hit a two - run double in the fourth	True
Reyes hit a two - run double in the fourth and scored on Bautista 's two - out single . Bautista hit an RBI single in the fourth	True
Reyes hit a two - run double in the fourth and scored on Bautista 's two - out single . Bautista hit an RBI single in the fourth , and the Blue Jays added three more in the fourth	True
Bautista followed with a two - out RBI single . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with one out in the seventh	True
Cliff Lee ( 10 - 2 ) allowed four runs and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings to win his fourth straight start . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Paul Maholm ( 9 - 7 ) gave up five runs and nine hits in six innings for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Uggla hit a three - run homer in the seventh	True
Uggla hit a three - run homer in the seventh off Phillies reliever JC Ramirez to cut it to 5 - 4 . Uggla hit a three - run homer in the seventh	False
Uggla hit a three - run homer in the seventh to make it 5 - 3 . Quintero hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Uggla hit a three - run homer in the seventh to make it 5 - 3 . Quintero hit a two - run homer in the second , his first	False
Quintero hit a two - run homer in the second , his first of the season , to make it 4 - 0 . Quintero hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Quintero hit a two - run homer in the second , his first of the season , to make it 4 - 0 . Quintero hit a two - run homer in the second , his first	False
Quintero hit a two - run homer in the second , his first of the season , to make it 4 - 0 . Quintero hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Quintero hit a two - run homer in the second to make it 4 - 0 . Uggla hit a three - run homer in the seventh	True
Uggla hit a three - run homer in the seventh to make it 5 - 3 . It was Uggla 's third homer of the season and second	False
It was the first homer allowed by Maholm this season , the most in the majors this season . The Braves scored a run in the seventh	True
He walked four and struck out one . Uribe hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
He struck out none and did n't walk a batter for the second time in four starts . Edward Mujica struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
The Marlins have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . Matt Adams had a two - out RBI double in the third	True
Matt Adams had a two - out RBI double in the third to give the Cardinals a 4 - 1 lead . Matt Adams had a run - scoring double in the third	True
Matt Adams had a two - out RBI double in the third to give the Cardinals a 4 - 1 lead . Matt Adams had a run - scoring double in the third and Matt Adams added a run - scoring double in the third	False
Matt Adams had a run - scoring double in the third and Matt Adams added a run - scoring double in the third to give the Marlins a 4 - 1 lead . Matt Adams had a run - scoring double in the third	False
Matt Adams had a run - scoring double in the third and Matt Adams added a run - scoring double in the third to give the Marlins a 4 - 1 lead . Matt Adams had a run - scoring double in the third and Allen Craig drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the third	True
He struck out seven and walked four . He also hit an RBI single in the second inning and had an RBI single in the third	True
He struck out three and walked five . The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Jose Tabata 's two - out RBI single . Neil Walker hit an RBI triple and scored on a single by Garrett Jones in the fifth	True
Neil Walker hit an RBI triple and scored on a single by Garrett Jones in the fifth to give the Pirates a 5 - 2 lead . The Pirates added three runs in the eighth	True
Cain hit a grand slam , Drew Stubbs hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , and the Royals beat the Cleveland Indians 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Cain hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the sixth	True
Cain hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the sixth to give the Royals a 7 - 5 lead . Cain hit a two - run homer off Cody Allen in the seventh	True
Cain hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the sixth to give the Royals a 7 - 5 lead . Cain hit a two - run homer off Cody Allen in the seventh , and Perez added a three - run double off Joe Smith in the eighth	False
Cain hit a two - run homer off Cody Allen in the seventh , and Perez added a three - run double off Joe Smith in the eighth to make it 10 - 7 . Luke Hochevar ( 2 - 1 ) worked a perfect eighth	True
Luke Hochevar ( 2 - 1 ) worked a perfect eighth for the win . Greg Holland worked the ninth	False
The right - hander walked five and struck out three . Carlos Santana hit a two - run double in the seventh	True
Carlos Santana hit a two - run double in the seventh to give the Indians a 7 - 5 lead . George Kottaras hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
He walked two and struck out three . The Royals scored four runs in the sixth	True
Mike Aviles led off with a double and scored on Carlos Santana 's two - run double . Hosmer hit a two - run homer off Joe Smith in the seventh	True
Hamels is 3 - 0 with a 4.38 ERA in his past four starts . The Phillies scored two runs in the sixth	True
Eric Young Jr. had three hits and drove in two runs for the Mets , who have won five of six . Omar Quintanilla hit a two - run double in the second	True
Eric Young Jr. had three hits and drove in two runs for the Mets , who have won five of six . Omar Quintanilla hit a two - run double in the second , and the Mets added three more in the third	True
Omar Quintanilla hit a two - run double in the second , and the Mets added three more in the third . Eric Young Jr. singled , stole second	False
Eric Young Jr. singled , stole second and scored on Omar Quintanilla 's two - out double . The Mets added three more runs in the third	True
The Mets added three more runs in the third , including a two - run single by Juan Lagares and a run - scoring single by Ike Davis . The Mets added three more in the sixth	True
Washington scored four runs in the second inning to take a 2 - 0 lead . The Mets added three runs in the third	True
The Mets added three runs in the third , including a two - run single by Daniel Murphy and a two - run double by Matt Desmond . The Nationals added two more runs in the sixth	True
Russell Martin and Russell Martin hit back - to - back home runs in the fourth inning to give the Pirates a 3 - 0 lead . Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Russell Martin and Russell Martin hit back - to - back home runs in the fourth inning to give the Pirates a 3 - 0 lead . Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth and Jones added a run - scoring single in the fifth	True
Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth and Jones added a run - scoring single in the fifth to push the Pirates ' lead to 5 - 0 . Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth	False
Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth and Jones added a run - scoring single in the fifth to push the Pirates ' lead to 5 - 0 . Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth and added a run - scoring single in the fifth	False
Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth and added a run - scoring single in the fifth . Jones hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring single in the fifth	False
Jones hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring single in the fifth . Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Jones hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring single in the fifth . Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth and added a run - scoring single in the fifth	False
Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth and added a run - scoring single in the fifth to push the Pirates ' lead to 5 - 0 . Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth	False
Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth and added a run - scoring single in the fifth to push the Pirates ' lead to 5 - 0 . Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth and added a run - scoring single in the fifth	False
Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth and added a run - scoring single in the fifth . Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth	False
Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth and added a run - scoring single in the fifth . Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth and added a run - scoring single in the fifth	False
Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth and added a run - scoring single in the fifth . Jones hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Jones hit a solo homer in the fourth and added a run - scoring single in the fifth . Jones hit a two - run homer in the first and a run - scoring single in the fifth	False
He struck out six without a walk . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out 10 and did n't walk a batter . Lonnie Chisenhall led off the eighth	True
Lonnie Chisenhall led off the eighth with a pinch - hit homer off David Carpenter to cut the Braves ' lead to 3 - 1 . It was Chisenhall 's third homer of the season and second	False
It was Chisenhall 's third homer of the season and second in two games . McCann 's homer was the first	False
He walked four and struck out five . Carlos Ruiz hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
The right - hander struck out eight and walked one . Joe Smith ( 5 - 1 ) pitched the eighth	True
The right - hander struck out eight and walked one . Joe Smith ( 5 - 1 ) pitched the eighth and Chris Perez worked the ninth	False
The Twins have lost five of six and are 2 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago White Sox in the AL Central . Stubbs hit a solo homer off Jared Burton ( 2 - 7 ) in the eighth	True
Stubbs hit a solo homer off Jared Burton ( 2 - 7 ) in the eighth to give the Indians a 2 - 1 lead . It was Stubbs ' fourth homer of the season and second	False
The Nationals scored in the first inning on Bryce Harper 's RBI single . Wilson Ramos hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
The Nationals scored in the first inning on Bryce Harper 's RBI single . Wilson Ramos hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth and Ian Desmond hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
He walked four and struck out five . Rex Brothers pitched a perfect ninth	True
Chad Qualls ( 4 - 2 ) took the loss . Ed Lucas led off the fifth	True
Chad Qualls ( 4 - 2 ) took the loss . Ed Lucas led off the fifth with a home run and Michael Cuddyer drove in a run with a fielder 's choice grounder in the sixth	True
Ed Lucas led off the fifth with a home run and Michael Cuddyer drove in a run with a fielder 's choice grounder in the sixth to tie the game at 1 . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when DJ LeMahieu led off with a double and scored on a single by Ryan Wheeler . The Marlins tied the game in the sixth	True
The Marlins tied the game in the sixth when Jake Marisnick led off with a double and scored on a single by Ryan Wheeler . The Marlins tied the game at 1 in the sixth	True
He walked two and struck out five . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Cuddyer drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Colorado tied it in the sixth	True
Colorado tied it in the sixth when Charlie Blackmon led off with a double and scored on a single by Ryan Wheeler . The Marlins tied the game in the seventh	True
The Marlins tied the game in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Ryan Wheeler . The Marlins went ahead 2 - 1 in the seventh	True
Kennedy ( 5 - 9 ) allowed four hits , struck out eight and walked three . Huston Street pitched the ninth	True
The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game West Coast trip . San Diego 's Andrew McCutchen hit a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
It was the first time the Padres had scored at least 10 runs in a game this season . San Diego scored in the third	True
He scored on a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . McCutchen 's sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Choo had a career - high four hits , including a leadoff homer in the first inning off Brandon McCarthy ( 2 - 8 ) . He had a two - run single in the second inning and added a two - run single in the second	True
He had a two - run single in the second inning and added a two - run single in the second . Choo had a two - run single in the second	True
He had a two - run single in the second inning and added a two - run single in the second . Choo had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the third	True
Choo had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the third . He had a two - run single in the second	True
Choo had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the third . He had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the third	False
He had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the third . Choo had a two - run single in the second inning and a two - run single in the third	True
Choo had a two - run single in the second inning and a two - run single in the third . He had a two - run single in the third	True
Choo had a two - run single in the second inning and a two - run single in the third . He had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third	True
He had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Choo had a two - run single in the second	True
He had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Choo had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the third	False
Choo had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the third . He had a two - run single in the third	True
Choo had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the third . He had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third	False
He struck out four and walked two . Jim Henderson pitched the ninth	True
He struck out two and walked three . St. Louis scored three times in the fourth	True
Halton 's two - run single made it 5 - 3 and chased Lynn . Molina hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Halton 's two - run single in the fourth made it 5 - 3 and chased Lynn . Molina hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Molina hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Brewers a 3 - 0 lead . The Brewers took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth	True
The Brewers took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Norichika Aoki and a run - scoring single by Logan Schafer . The Cardinals took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth	False
The Cardinals took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Scooter Gennett and a run - scoring single by Logan Schafer . The Cardinals took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth	False
Aramis Ramirez led off with a double and scored on a single by Matt Adams , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . Halton 's RBI single made it 6 - 3 in the fifth	True
Morneau had four hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in four runs to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 6 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Morneau had four hits , including a two - run double in the fifth	True
Morneau had four hits , including a two - run double in the fifth that gave the Twins a 5 - 1 lead . Morneau had four hits , including a two - run double in the fifth	False
Morneau had four hits , including a two - run double in the fifth that gave the Twins a 5 - 1 lead . Morneau had four hits , including a two - run double in the fifth	False
He struck out two and walked one . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth	True
Prince Fielder hit a solo homer for the Tigers , who have lost three of four . Pedro Florimon hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
He walked two and struck out two . The Tigers scored three runs in the fourth	True
It was the first time the Twins hit back - to - back home runs this season . Fielder hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
He walked four and struck out four . The Reds took a 5 - 0 lead in the second	True
Chris Heisey had an RBI single and Jack Hannahan scored on a wild pitch to make it 5 - 0 . Khris Davis homered off Tyler Thornburg in the fifth	True
He walked two and struck out two . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Chris Denorfia 's RBI single . Daniel Murphy 's RBI single tied it at 1 in the third	True
Daniel Murphy 's RBI single tied it at 1 in the third , but the Padres tied it in the bottom half on a two - out , two - run single by Alexi Amarista . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Daniel Murphy 's RBI single tied it at 1 in the third , but the Padres tied it in the bottom half on a two - out , two - run single by Alexi Amarista . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Eric Young Jr. led off with a single , stole second	False
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Eric Young Jr. led off with a single , stole second and scored on Alexi Mejia 's wild pitch . Hundley hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Hundley hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Padres a 3 - 1 lead . It was Hundley 's fourth	False
Hundley hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Padres a 3 - 1 lead . It was Hundley 's fourth of the season and second	False
It was Hundley 's fourth of the season and second in two games . Gyorko hit a three - run homer off Carlos Torres in the eighth	True
Gyorko hit a three - run homer off Carlos Torres in the eighth . It was Gyorko 's 10th	False
Gyorko hit a three - run homer off Carlos Torres in the eighth . It was Gyorko 's 10th of the season and second	False
Gyorko 's three - run homer off Carlos Torres in the eighth gave the Padres an 8 - 2 lead . It was Gyorko 's 10th	False
Gyorko 's three - run homer off Carlos Torres in the eighth gave the Padres an 8 - 2 lead . It was Gyorko 's 10th of the season and second	False
He struck out seven and walked four . Swisher hit a solo homer in the first	True
He struck out seven and walked four . Swisher hit a solo homer in the first and Asdrubal Cabrera added an RBI single in the first	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third	True
Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third when Manny Machado singled and scored on a single by Adam Jones . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Nolan Arenado and a solo homer by Nate McLouth . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third	True
He struck out five and walked three . Hosmer hit a two - run homer in the third inning , and Jamey Carroll had a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Hosmer hit a two - run homer in the third inning , and Jamey Carroll had a sacrifice fly in the seventh . Greg Holland pitched the ninth	True
Greg Holland pitched the ninth for his 34th save in 41 chances . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Hosmer 's two - out , two - run homer . Hosmer hit a two - run homer in the third	True
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Hosmer 's two - out , two - run homer . Hosmer hit a two - run homer in the third , and the Royals added a run in the seventh	False
Hosmer hit a two - run homer in the third , and the Royals added a run in the seventh on David Lough 's two - out single . The Tigers had runners on first	False
Hosmer hit a two - run homer in the third , and the Royals added a run in the seventh on David Lough 's two - out single . The Tigers had runners on first and second	False
Hosmer hit a two - run homer in the third , and the Royals added a run in the seventh on David Lough 's two - out single . The Tigers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
OAKLAND , Calif. -- Yoenis Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and the Oakland Athletics beat the Cleveland Indians 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Yoenis Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Nick Swisher had an RBI single in the seventh	True
Yoenis Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Nick Swisher had an RBI single in the seventh to give the A 's a 3 - 2 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Sean Doolittle ( 4 - 4 ) pitched the seventh	True
Sean Doolittle ( 4 - 4 ) pitched the seventh for the win . Grant Balfour pitched the ninth	True
Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the first inning to give the A 's a 2 - 0 lead . Cespedes hit a two - out , two - run homer in the first	True
It was the third time this season the A 's have hit back - to - back home runs . Cespedes hit a two - run shot in the first inning , and Nick Swisher had an RBI single in the seventh	True
Cespedes hit a two - run shot in the first inning , and Nick Swisher had an RBI single in the seventh to give the A 's a 3 - 2 lead . Oakland took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Oakland took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Carlos Santana 's two - out single . The A 's made it 2 - 1 in the third	True
MINNEAPOLIS -- Chris Herrmann 's pinch - hit single with one out in the bottom of the ninth inning lifted the Minnesota Twins to a 4 - 3 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Pinch-hitter Doug Bernier led off the ninth	True
MINNEAPOLIS -- Chris Herrmann 's pinch - hit single with one out in the bottom of the ninth inning lifted the Minnesota Twins to a 4 - 3 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Pinch-hitter Doug Bernier led off the ninth with a pinch - hit single against Ramon Troncoso ( 1 - 4 ) and advanced to second	False
Justin Morneau followed with an RBI single , and pinch - hitter Chris Herrmann followed with an RBI single to give the Twins a 4 - 3 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Jared Burton ( 2 - 6 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Jared Burton ( 2 - 6 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Ramon Troncoso ( 1 - 4 ) took the loss , allowing one run and two hits in one - third	True
Trevor Plouffe homered for the White Sox , who have lost four of five . Chicago took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Chicago took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Adam Dunn and a sacrifice fly by Alejandro De Aza . The White Sox made it 3 - 0 in the third	True
The White Sox made it 3 - 0 in the third on a sacrifice fly by Paul Konerko and a sacrifice fly by Alexei Ramirez . Josh Willingham 's RBI single in the sixth cut the lead to 3 - 2 , but Trevor Plouffe cut the lead to 3 - 1 with a solo homer in the fifth	True
Eaton hit a solo home run in the eighth inning and the Diamondbacks rallied to beat the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Adam Eaton hit a solo homer off Brad Ziegler ( 6 - 1 ) in the top of the ninth	True
It was Eaton 's second career game - ending homer and his first since July 28 , 2011 , against the Los Angeles Dodgers . He also had a run - scoring single in the seventh inning , and the Diamondbacks scored twice in the seventh	True
Chris Davis hit a solo homer off Brad Ziegler ( 6 - 1 ) in the bottom half , giving the Orioles a 5 - 4 lead . It was Davis ' third homer of the season and second	False
Eaton 's solo shot off Troy Patton in the eighth made it 6 - 5 , and Nick Markakis followed with a sacrifice fly . Brad Ziegler ( 6 - 1 ) gave up a run in the top of the ninth	False
The Orioles scored twice in the second inning to take a 2 - 0 lead . Brian Roberts had a run - scoring single in the second	True
The Orioles scored twice in the second inning to take a 2 - 0 lead . Brian Roberts had a run - scoring single in the second and Matt Wieters added a solo homer in the sixth	True
The right - hander had a career - high nine strikeouts in his first start against the Giants . The right - hander had a career - high nine strikeouts in his first start against the Giants , but he did n't allow a hit until Brandon Belt 's one - out single in the fourth	True
The right - hander had a career - high nine strikeouts in his first start against the Giants , but he did n't allow a hit until Brandon Belt 's one - out single in the fourth . The Giants had runners on first	False
The right - hander had a career - high nine strikeouts in his first start against the Giants , but he did n't allow a hit until Brandon Belt 's one - out single in the fourth . The Giants had runners on first and second	False
The right - hander had a career - high nine strikeouts in his first start against the Giants , but he did n't allow a hit until Brandon Belt 's one - out single in the fourth . The Giants had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
Chen ( 5 - 0 ) allowed five hits , walked one and struck out two in 7 2/3 innings . Luke Hochevar earned his second save , giving up an RBI single to Stephen Drew in the ninth	True
The Red Sox scored three runs in the first inning off Jon Lester ( 10 - 7 ) , who gave up three runs , one earned , on five hits and two walks in seven innings . Butler led off the eighth	True
Rubby De La Rosa , who was acquired from the Chicago Cubs in the offseason , gave up two runs and two hits in the first inning , including a two - run single by Mike Moustakas . Rubby De La Rosa gave up two runs and two hits , walked none and struck out a batter in the eighth	True
Robinson Cano hit a tiebreaking homer in the 12th inning , and the White Sox rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . The White Sox trailed 4 - 0 before scoring three runs in the seventh	True
Alejandro De Aza hit a two - out , two - run triple off the wall in left - center to give the Yankees a 4 - 2 lead . Alejandro De Aza had a two - out , two - run triple in the 12th	True
Alejandro De Aza had a two - out , two - run triple in the 12th off Mariano Rivera , who blew a save for the second time in four chances . Alejandro De Aza had a two - out , two - run triple off Adam Warren ( 1 - 2 ) in the 12th	True
Alejandro De Aza had a two - out , two - run triple off Adam Warren ( 1 - 2 ) in the 12th to give the Yankees a 5 - 4 lead . Alejandro De Aza had a two - out , two - run triple in the 12th	True
Alejandro De Aza had a two - out , two - run triple in the 12th off Dylan Axelrod ( 4 - 8 ) to give the Yankees a 5 - 4 lead . Alejandro De Aza had a two - out , two - run triple off Adam Warren ( 1 - 2 ) in the 12th	True
Alejandro De Aza had a two - out , two - run triple off Nate Jones in the bottom half , and Adam Dunn tied it with a pinch - hit single off Mariano Rivera , who gave up two hits and a run in two innings . Dylan Axelrod ( 4 - 8 ) pitched the 12th	True
He struck out one and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . The White Sox scored three runs in the third	True
The White Sox scored three runs in the third to take a 4 - 0 lead . Soriano hit a two - run homer in the first	True
The White Sox scored three runs in the third to take a 4 - 0 lead . Soriano hit a two - run homer in the first and Nunez led off the fourth	True
It was the first time the Yankees hit back - to - back homers this season . Nunez led off the fourth	True
It was the first time the Yankees hit back - to - back homers this season . Nunez led off the fourth with his third homer of the season and second	False
It was the first time this season the White Sox hit back - to - back homers . Nunez led off the fourth	True
Nunez led off the fourth with a home run to right - center off Hector Santiago . It was his fourth	False
Nunez led off the fourth with a home run to right - center off Hector Santiago . It was his fourth of the season and second	False
It was his fourth of the season and second in two days . Beckham hit a solo shot in the fourth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Flores hit a two - out , three - run double off Manny Corpas in the eighth	True
Flores hit a two - out , three - run double off Manny Corpas in the eighth to give the Mets a 5 - 0 lead . Flores added a three - run double off Manny Corpas in the eighth	True
Flores added a three - run double off Manny Corpas in the eighth . Ike Davis drew a leadoff walk in the fourth	True
Ike Davis drew a leadoff walk in the fourth and scored on John Buck 's single to make it 2 - 0 . Ike Davis led off the fourth	True
It was Harrison 's first pinch - hit home run of the season and his first pinch - hit home run of the season . Bryan Morris ( 5 - 4 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked three and struck out four . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He walked three and struck out four . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Neil Walker singled , stole second	False
The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the bottom of the inning on McCutchen 's two - run double and Logan Morrison 's RBI single . The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by McCutchen and a run - scoring single by Pedro Alvarez . The Marlins took a 3 - 0 lead in the third	False
He struck out six and walked four . Addison Reed worked the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
De Aza 's RBI double in the seventh made it 3 - 1 . Alejandro De Aza added an RBI double in the seventh	True
He struck out six and walked two . Grant Balfour pitched the ninth	True
The A 's have lost four straight and seven of nine . Jed Lowrie had an RBI single in the first	True
The A 's have lost four straight and seven of nine . Jed Lowrie had an RBI single in the first and Adrian Beltre added an RBI single in the third	False
He struck out five and walked one . The White Sox scored three runs in the first	True
Alex Gordon 's RBI double and Butler 's two - run double made it 4 - 0 . Bonifacio added an RBI single in the sixth	True
Bonifacio added an RBI single in the sixth to make it 6 - 0 . Beckham homered off Jake Petricka with one out in the sixth	True
Beckham homered off Jake Petricka with one out in the sixth to make it 6 - 1 . It was Beckham 's 10th homer of the season and second	False
He struck out one and did n't walk a batter . Sergio Romo pitched the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Sandoval hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Sandoval hit a two - run homer in the fourth and A. J. Ellis added a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Adeiny Hechavarria had three hits for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Chad Qualls ( 5 - 2 ) got the final out in the eighth	True
Chad Qualls ( 5 - 2 ) got the final out in the eighth for the win . Steve Cishek pitched the ninth	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the second inning on a run - scoring single by Galvis and a run - scoring single by Cesar Hernandez . Philadelphia tied it 2 - all in the seventh	True
The Phillies went ahead 2 - 0 in the second inning on an RBI single by Galvis and a run - scoring single by Cesar Hernandez . Philadelphia went ahead 2 - 0 in the second	True
Philadelphia went ahead 2 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring single by Galvis and a run - scoring single by Cesar Hernandez . Philadelphia tied it in the seventh	True
The Padres have won four straight and seven of nine . San Diego 's Chris Denorfia had three hits , including a two - run single in the fifth	True
San Diego 's Chris Denorfia had three hits , including a two - run single in the fifth that gave the Padres a 4 - 2 lead . Tommy Medica hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Delgado ( 5 - 7 ) this season . San Diego took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
San Diego took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Headley 's RBI double and a two - run single by Chris Denorfia . San Diego took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
San Diego took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out , two - run single by Chris Denorfia and a two - run homer by Jedd Gyorko . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
SAN DIEGO -- Didi Gregorius hit a go - ahead triple in the 12th inning and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the San Diego Padres 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Didi Gregorius hit an RBI triple off Luke Gregerson ( 6 - 8 ) to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 1 lead in the 11th	True
Didi Gregorius hit an RBI triple off Luke Gregerson ( 6 - 8 ) to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 1 lead in the 11th . Chris Owings singled off Luke Gregerson to start the 12th	False
Chris Owings singled off Luke Gregerson to start the 12th , advanced on a sacrifice and scored on Tommy Medica 's groundout . Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect 12th	True
The Padres have lost four of five . Padres starter David Hernandez allowed a run and two hits in the eighth	True
He walked two and struck out two . The Padres had runners on first	False
He walked two and struck out two . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
He walked two and struck out two . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th	True
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but David Hernandez struck out Gerardo Parra to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but David Hernandez struck out Gerardo Parra to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but David Hernandez struck out Gerardo Parra to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Joe Thatcher struck out pinch - hitter Tony Campana to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Joe Thatcher struck out pinch - hitter Tony Campana to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Joe Thatcher struck out pinch - hitter Tony Campana to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th	False
He walked two and struck out two . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Adam Lind 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Jonny Gomes . The Blue Jays made it 3 - 0 in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays made it 3 - 0 in the fourth on a run - scoring single by David Ross and a run - scoring single by Rajai Davis . Boston cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the sixth	False
Boston cut the lead to 3 - 2 in the sixth on a run - scoring single by Jonny Gomes and a run - scoring single by J. P. Arencibia . Casey Janssen pitched a perfect ninth	True
Casey Janssen pitched a perfect ninth for his 33rd save in 34 chances . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Casey Janssen pitched a perfect ninth for his 33rd save in 34 chances . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Jose Reyes led off with a single , stole second	False
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Jose Reyes led off with a single , stole second and scored on Adam Lind 's double . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The right - hander is 7 - 1 with a 2.90 ERA in his last 10 starts . Jennings hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
The Orioles have lost four of five . Jennings hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
He walked five and struck out two . Jennings hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Jennings hit a three - run homer in the fifth for a 3 - 0 lead . Ben Zobrist added an RBI single in the seventh	False
Ben Zobrist added an RBI single in the seventh . Jennings hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Jennings hit a three - run homer in the fifth for a 3 - 0 lead . Jennings hit a two - out triple in the seventh	True
Jennings hit a two - out triple in the seventh and scored on a single by Ben Zobrist off Francisco Rodriguez to make it 5 - 0 . Adam Jones had an RBI single in the ninth	False
He walked four and struck out three . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
It was the first home run allowed by Burnett in five starts this season . Cozart led off the second inning with his fourth homer of the season and second	False
Cozart led off the second inning with his fourth homer of the season and second in two games . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
It was the first home run allowed by Bailey in five starts this season . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Andy Dirks hit a two - run single , and Victor Martinez followed with a two - run homer to make it 7 - 3 . Victor Martinez hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Hunter added a two - run single in the bottom of the inning to make it 7 - 1 . Hunter had a two - run single in the fifth	True
Hunter added a two - run single in the bottom of the inning to make it 7 - 1 . Hunter had a two - run single in the fifth , and Victor Martinez hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . Andrus hit a two - run homer in the third	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . Andrus hit a two - run homer in the third and Kinsler added a two - run single in the third	True
Andrus ' sacrifice fly in the fifth made it 6 - 1 . Jose Lobaton hit a solo homer in the third	True
Andrus ' sacrifice fly in the fifth made it 6 - 1 . Jose Lobaton hit a solo homer in the third and Andrus added a sacrifice fly in the fifth	False
Jose Lobaton hit a solo homer in the third and Andrus added a sacrifice fly in the fifth . Leonys Martin had three hits , including a solo homer off Cesar Ramos in the ninth	False
Leonys Martin had three hits , including a solo homer off Cesar Ramos in the ninth . Andrus hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Leonys Martin had three hits , including a solo homer off Cesar Ramos in the ninth . Andrus hit a two - run homer in the third and Andrus added a sacrifice fly in the fifth	False
Andrus ' sacrifice fly in the fifth gave the Rangers a 6 - 1 lead . Andrus had a sacrifice fly in the fifth	False
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have n't been able to find a way to find a way to win a game in a week . The Nationals ' 6 - 5 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night was the first	False
Jayson Werth 's RBI double and Bryce Harper 's run - scoring groundout made it 1 - 0 . Washington made it 3 - 0 in the second	True
Washington made it 3 - 0 in the second . Chris Johnson led off with a walk , stole second	False
Washington made it 3 - 0 in the second . Chris Johnson led off with a walk , stole second and advanced to third	False
He walked two and struck out four . Gattis hit a two - run homer off Ian Krol ( 2 - 1 ) in the eighth	True
Gattis hit a two - run homer off Ian Krol ( 2 - 1 ) in the eighth to give the Braves a 4 - 3 lead . Ian Desmond 's error in the bottom of the inning allowed LaRoche to score from third	False
Freeman 's sacrifice fly in the ninth made it 6 - 4 . Ian Krol ( 2 - 1 ) got the final out in the ninth	True
NEW YORK -- Travis d'Arnaud hit a game - winning single with two outs in the 12th inning , lifting the New York Mets to a 1 - 0 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Lucas Duda drew a one - out walk in the 12th	True
He struck out five and walked three . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . John Mayberry Jr. hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked three . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ruiz 's two - out double . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ruiz 's two - out double . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ruiz 's two - out double . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ruiz 's two - out double . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Chase Utley walked , stole second	False
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ruiz 's two - out double . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Chase Utley walked , stole second , went to third	False
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Chase Utley walked , stole second , went to third on a wild pitch and scored on a sacrifice fly by Ruiz . Philadelphia took a 4 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
It was Ruiz 's first extra - base hit of the season . The Phillies scored a run in the seventh	True
CHICAGO -- Nick Swisher and Ryan Raburn hit back - to - back home runs in the first inning , and the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago White Sox 14 - 3 on Tuesday night . Swisher hit a solo homer in the first inning and added a two - run single in the fifth	True
Swisher hit a solo homer in the first inning and added a two - run single in the fifth to give the Indians a 14 - 2 lead . Raburn had three hits , including a three - run homer off John Danks ( 4 - 13 ) in the first inning and a two - run single in the fifth	True
Raburn had three hits , including a three - run homer off John Danks ( 4 - 13 ) in the first inning and a two - run single in the fifth that made it 14 - 2 . Raburn had a two - run single in the fifth	True
Raburn had three hits , including a three - run homer off John Danks ( 4 - 13 ) in the first inning and a two - run single in the fifth that made it 14 - 2 . Raburn had a two - run single in the fifth and a two - run single in the fifth	True
Raburn had a two - run single in the fifth and a two - run single in the fifth to make it 14 - 2 . Swisher also doubled and scored in the second	True
Raburn had a two - run single in the fifth and a two - run single in the fifth to make it 14 - 2 . Swisher also doubled and scored in the second , and Raburn added a two - run single in the fifth	True
The White Sox took a 4 - 0 lead in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Jason Kipnis and a run - scoring single by Alejandro De Aza . The White Sox made it 6 - 1 in the second	True
The White Sox made it 6 - 1 in the second on a run - scoring single by Swisher and a run - scoring single by Carlos Santana . Raburn 's two - run single made it 7 - 2 in the fifth	True
The White Sox made it 6 - 1 in the second on a run - scoring single by Swisher and a run - scoring single by Carlos Santana . Raburn 's two - run single made it 7 - 2 in the fifth , and Swisher added a two - run single in the fifth	False
Haren ( 9 - 13 ) allowed one hit in six innings , striking out eight and walking one . Rafael Soriano worked the ninth	True
Ryan Zimmerman homered for the Mets , who have lost five of six . Zimmerman homered in the sixth	True
Ryan Zimmerman homered for the Mets , who have lost five of six . Zimmerman homered in the sixth off Zack Wheeler ( 7 - 5 ) , who gave up a two - run double to Anthony Rendon in the eighth	True
Zimmerman homered in the sixth off Zack Wheeler ( 7 - 5 ) , who gave up a two - run double to Anthony Rendon in the eighth . Anthony Rendon hit a two - out , two - run double in the eighth	True
Anthony Rendon hit a two - out , two - run double in the eighth to make it 3 - 0 . Anthony Rendon hit a two - run double off Vic Black in the eighth	True
Galvis homered with one out in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Philadelphia Phillies to a 6 - 5 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Galvis hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
Galvis hit a solo homer in the ninth off Freddy Garcia ( 3 - 6 ) to tie it at 5 . Andrelton Simmons hit a two - run homer off Jonathan Papelbon ( 5 - 1 ) in the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked three . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run single by Freeman and a two - run single by Ruiz . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	False
Ruiz 's two - out , two - run single in the third made it 3 - 2 . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run single by Kevin Frandsen and a two - run single by Freeman . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	False
Edwin Encarnacion hit a sacrifice fly and Moises Sierra had a two - run double for the Blue Jays , who have lost five of six . Minnesota 's Josmil Pinto homered off Casey Janssen leading off the ninth	True
Minnesota 's Josmil Pinto homered off Casey Janssen leading off the ninth for his 28th save in 34 chances . Janssen gave up a solo homer to Josmil Pinto in the ninth	True
Minnesota 's Josmil Pinto homered off Casey Janssen leading off the ninth for his 28th save in 34 chances . Janssen gave up a solo homer to Josmil Pinto in the ninth , his second	False
Janssen gave up a solo homer to Josmil Pinto in the ninth , his second of the game . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jose Reyes ' RBI single and Moises Sierra 's two - out , two - run double . Toronto tied it in the second	True
Toronto tied it in the second when Edwin Encarnacion hit a sacrifice fly and Moises Sierra had a two - run single . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out five and walked one . Chris Withrow got the final out in the ninth	True
The Rockies have lost six of seven . The Rockies had a chance to score in the ninth	True
He was scheduled to start Sunday against the Red Sox , but he was placed on the 15 - day disabled list with a strained muscle in his right side . St. Louis took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
St. Louis took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Jacoby Ellsbury and a run - scoring double by David Ortiz . Holliday tied it in the fourth	True
Felix Doubront ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 2/3 innings of one - hit relief for his first major league win . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
He struck out five and walked three . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Stephen Drew , but the Cardinals tied it in the fifth	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Stephen Drew , but the Cardinals tied it in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Carlos Beltran and a two - out RBI single by Matt Carpenter . The Red Sox tied it in the sixth	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Stephen Drew , but the Cardinals tied it in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Carlos Beltran and a two - out RBI single by Matt Carpenter . The Red Sox tied it in the sixth on a two - out , three - run homer by Gomes , his second	False
The Red Sox tied it in the sixth on a two - out , three - run homer by Gomes , his second of the year . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Ortiz and a run - scoring single by Stephen Drew . The Cardinals tied it in the fifth	True
The Cardinals tied it in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Matt Carpenter , who was 0 - for - 4 with two strikeouts . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The right - hander struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his major league career . Carl Crawford hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Carl Crawford hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Gonzalez hit a solo homer off Edward Mujica in the eighth	False
Carl Crawford hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Gonzalez hit a solo homer off Edward Mujica in the eighth , his second	False
Carl Crawford hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Gonzalez hit a solo homer off Edward Mujica in the eighth , his second of the game , and Matt Adams added an RBI single in the ninth	False
They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Cardinals scored in the second	True
Scherzer ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings , walking two and striking out a season - high 11 . Joaquin Benoit struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Cespedes hit a two - run homer off Scherzer in the seventh	True
He also hit a two - run shot in Game 1 of the AL division series against the Los Angeles Angels in Game 5 of the ALCS . Cespedes hit a two - run homer off Scherzer in the seventh	True
The right - hander , who signed a $ 217 million , five - year contract in the offseason , struck out eight , walked one and hit a batter . Grady Sizemore hit a leadoff homer in the fourth	True
Zach Britton ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Tommy Hunter worked the ninth	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on an RBI double by David Ortiz and a run - scoring single by Mike Napoli . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Cruz doubled and scored on a single by Sizemore . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
Koji Uehara got the final out for his sixth save in six chances . Brandon Loney led off the ninth	True
Koji Uehara got the final out for his sixth save in six chances . Brandon Loney led off the ninth with a single off Brandon Gomes ( 1 - 1 ) , stole second	False
The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 3.83 ERA in his last five starts . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Evan Longoria . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	False
He struck out four and walked three . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Perez hit a two - run homer and drove in four runs , Edwin Encarnacion added a two - run shot and the Royals beat the Toronto Blue Jays 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Perez had a two - run double in the eighth inning and a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Perez had a two - run double in the eighth inning and a two - run homer in the ninth . Perez hit a two - run double in the eighth	True
Perez had a two - run double in the eighth inning and a two - run homer in the ninth . Perez hit a two - run double in the eighth to give Kansas City a 10 - 5 lead , and Perez added a two - run double in the eighth	True
Brett Cecil ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and two hits in two - thirds of an inning . The Blue Jays scored three runs in the eighth	True
He struck out five and did not walk a batter . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Cabrera 's triple and a run - scoring triple by Jose Reyes . The Blue Jays tied it in the second	True
Abreu homered and drove in four runs , Scott Carroll pitched into the eighth inning and the White Sox beat the Tampa Bay Rays 9 - 2 on Tuesday night . Abreu hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and added a two - run single in the seventh	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . Abreu hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning and added a two - run single in the seventh	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . Abreu hit a two - run homer off Price in the sixth	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . Abreu hit a two - run homer off Price in the sixth , and Alexei Ramirez added a run - scoring single in the seventh	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Cardinals scored three runs in the fourth	True
Kevin Correia ( 0 - 3 ) gave up eight runs -- seven earned -- and eight hits in 2 1/3 innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Kevin Fien pitched a perfect eighth	True
Kevin Correia ( 0 - 3 ) gave up eight runs -- seven earned -- and eight hits in 2 1/3 innings for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Kevin Fien pitched a perfect eighth and Joe Nathan worked the ninth	False
The Twins have lost six of seven . Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Hunter added a two - run single in the third	True
Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Hunter added a two - run single in the third to give the Tigers a 9 - 1 lead . Hunter had three hits , including a two - run single in the third	True
Hunter had three hits , including a two - run single in the third that gave the Tigers a 9 - 1 lead . Hunter had three hits , including a two - run single in the third	False
Hunter had three hits , including a two - run single in the third that made it 9 - 1 . Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Hunter had three hits , including a two - run single in the third that made it 9 - 1 . Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the second and Castellanos added a run - scoring single in the third	True
Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the second and Castellanos added a run - scoring single in the third to give the Tigers a 9 - 1 lead . The Tigers sent 10 batters to the plate in the third	True
The Tigers sent 10 batters to the plate in the third , highlighted by Hunter 's two - run single . Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the second	True
The Tigers sent 10 batters to the plate in the third , highlighted by Hunter 's two - run single . Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the second and Hunter added a two - run single in the third	True
LaTroy Hawkins got the final two outs for his sixth save in six chances . Hunter Pence hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
He struck out six and walked one . Nolan Arenado hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Jason Kipnis hit a go - ahead homer in the fourth inning and Zach McAllister pitched six solid innings to lead the Indians to a 4 - 3 win over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Michael Brantley hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He walked one and struck out two . John Axford pitched the ninth	True
Garrett Jones hit a run - scoring grounder and Adeiny Hechavarria followed with a sacrifice fly to give the Marlins a 3 - 2 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday night . The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Corey Hart led off with a double and scored on Justin Smoak 's sacrifice fly . The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Robinson Cano led off with a double and scored on a single by Donovan Solano to make it 2 - 1 . Dustin Ackley 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 in the fourth	True
Dustin Ackley 's sacrifice fly made it 2 - 0 in the fourth . Steve Cishek pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning when Corey Hart led off with a double and scored on Justin Smoak 's sacrifice fly . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Corey Hart led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Donovan Solano . The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Robinson Cano led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Justin Smoak . The Marlins had runners on first	False
Robinson Cano led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Justin Smoak . The Marlins had runners on first and second	False
Robinson Cano led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Justin Smoak . The Marlins had runners on first and second with one out in the fifth	True
Callaspo 's RBI single off Chad Qualls ( 0 - 1 ) gave the A 's a 3 - 1 lead . Jed Lowrie hit a tying home run leading off the ninth	True
Jed Lowrie hit a tying home run leading off the ninth against Chad Qualls ( 0 - 1 ) , and Josh Reddick followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 3 . Alberto Otero ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Alberto Otero ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Yoenis Cespedes led off the ninth	True
Josh Reddick followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 3 . Qualls ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out three and walked two . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
He walked three and struck out seven . Freeman hit a two - run homer off Gonzalez Germen in the eighth	True
He walked three and struck out seven . Freeman hit a two - run homer off Gonzalez Germen in the eighth , and Dan Uggla added a run - scoring double in the eighth	True
The right - hander was 0 - 3 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous four starts . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The right - hander struck out four , walked three and hit a batter with a pitch . Tampa Bay went up 1 - 0 in the fourth	True
In the bottom half , Baltimore loaded the bases with one out before Odorizzi retired the next three batters . In the bottom half , Ryan Flaherty drew a two - out walk and went to third	False
In the bottom half , Ryan Flaherty drew a two - out walk and went to third on a single by J. J. Hardy . Jones followed with a run - scoring single , and Baltimore went up 3 - 0 in the fifth	True
Ryan Flaherty drew a leadoff walk and scored on a single by Adam Jones to make it 3 - 0 . Jones singled in a run in the fifth	True
HOUSTON -- The Kansas City Royals are on their longest winning streak of the season . Mike Moustakas homered in the 11th inning and Omar Infante added an RBI single in the 11th	True
Danny Duffy ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Greg Holland pitched the 11th	True
Houston 's Jason Castro hit a two - run homer in the third inning to give Houston a 2 - 1 lead . The Royals tied it in the fourth	True
Perez 's two - run single in the seventh tied the score at 4 - all . The Royals tied it in the seventh	True
Perez 's two - run single in the seventh tied the score at 4 - all . The Royals tied it in the seventh on a two - run homer by Moustakas , his first	False
The Royals tied it in the seventh on a two - run homer by Moustakas , his first of the season . The Royals tied it in the seventh	False
The Royals tied it in the bottom half on Perez 's two - run single . The Royals tied it at 4 in the seventh	True
He struck out three and walked one . Aramis Ramirez hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Aramis Ramirez hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Brewers , who have lost five of six . Holliday homered off Jim Henderson leading off the ninth	True
The Brewers have lost four of five . Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Milwaukee took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Allen Craig and a sacrifice fly by Mark Reynolds . The Brewers made it 3 - 0 in the fourth	False
The Brewers made it 3 - 0 in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Allen Craig and a run - scoring groundout by Ryan Braun . Milwaukee added a run in the fourth	True
Milwaukee added a run in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Allen Craig and a two - run homer by Matt Holliday . Milwaukee added a run in the ninth	True
Trout hit a tying two - run homer in the ninth inning , and the A 's rallied for a 10 - 9 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Kole Calhoun led off the 11th	True
Jim Johnson ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Sean Doolittle blew a save for the third time in four chances , giving up a two - run single to Josh Donaldson and a two - run single to Derek Norris that tied it at 9 in the 11th	True
Jed Lowrie had three hits and scored twice for the A 's , who have won five of six . The A 's trailed 6 - 3 in the seventh	True
The A 's trailed 6 - 3 in the seventh before rallying for a 9 - 6 lead . Trout hit a two - run homer off Joe Smith in the ninth	False
Trout hit a two - run homer off Joe Smith in the ninth to give the Angels a 9 - 9 lead . It was the first game - ending homer of the season for Trout , who had three hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth	True
It was the first game - ending homer of the season for Trout , who had three hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth that gave the Angels a 9 - 8 lead . The A 's tied it in the eighth	True
Oakland tied it in the bottom half on an RBI double by Brandon Moss and a run - scoring single by John Jaso . The A 's tied it in the eighth	True
The A 's tied it in the eighth on an RBI double by Alberto Callaspo and a two - run single by Derek Norris . The A 's tied it in the eighth	False
The A 's tied it in the eighth on a two - run single by Josh Donaldson and a two - run single by Derek Norris . The A 's tied it in the eighth	False
The Brewers have been shut out four times this season , including four in a row . St. Louis went ahead 1 - 0 in the second	True
The Brewers have been shut out four times this season , including four in a row . St. Louis went ahead 1 - 0 in the second when Matt Adams singled , stole second	False
St. Louis went ahead 1 - 0 in the second when Matt Adams singled , stole second and scored on Jay 's double - play grounder . St. Louis went ahead 1 - 0 in the second	False
Tampa Bay went up 1 - 0 in the first inning on a run - scoring double by Nelson Cruz and a run - scoring single by Matt Wieters . In the second	True
He struck out three and walked three . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Carlos Gomez hit a sacrifice fly and Andrew McCutchen followed with a sacrifice fly . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Aramis Ramirez and a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Ryan Braun and a sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
Lyle Overbay led off the inning with a double and scored on Andrew McCutchen 's sacrifice fly . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen , but the Brewers could n't get the ball out of the infield . The Brewers had runners on first	False
Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen , but the Brewers could n't get the ball out of the infield . The Brewers had runners on first and second	False
Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Andrew McCutchen , but the Brewers could n't get the ball out of the infield . The Brewers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
The Braves have lost four of five . Freeman hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the second	True
Freeman hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the second . Freeman hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Freeman hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the second . Freeman hit a two - run homer in the second and a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Freeman hit a two - run homer in the second and a two - run shot in the eighth off Gus Schlosser . Adam LaRoche added a solo homer off Ross Detwiler in the ninth	True
Adam LaRoche added a solo homer off Ross Detwiler in the ninth . Simmons had a three - run shot off Gus Schlosser in the eighth	False
Simmons had a three - run shot off Gus Schlosser in the eighth . It was Simmons ' third homer of the season and second	False
Jason Heyward had an RBI double and Jose Lobaton drove in a run with a groundout . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Kevin Frandsen led off with a double and scored on Gonzalez 's wild pitch . The Braves added a run in the fifth	True
McGowan ( 1 - 1 ) allowed five hits , walked one and struck out two in 6 1 - 3 innings . Sergio Santos pitched a perfect ninth	True
Baltimore went 0 - for - 7 with runners in scoring position and stranded 11 . The Blue Jays had runners on first	False
Baltimore went 0 - for - 7 with runners in scoring position and stranded 11 . The Blue Jays had runners on first and second	False
Baltimore went 0 - for - 7 with runners in scoring position and stranded 11 . The Blue Jays had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	True
The Blue Jays had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Sergio Britton struck out Chris Davis to end the threat . The Orioles had runners on first	False
The Blue Jays had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Sergio Britton struck out Chris Davis to end the threat . The Orioles had runners on first and second	False
The Blue Jays had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Sergio Britton struck out Chris Davis to end the threat . The Orioles had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth	True
The Orioles had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth before Sergio Santos came on to strike out pinch - hitter Steve Pearce and Nick Markakis to end the game for his fourth save . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
In the bottom half , Toronto loaded the bases with one out , but McGowan got Adam Jones to hit into a 1 - 2 - 3 double play . The Blue Jays loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Goldschmidt hit a three - run homer in the first inning and Parra added a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Michael Morse hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the second inning , but the Giants could n't hold the lead . Posey hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Lincecum this season . Parra also doubled and scored on Eric Chavez 's triple in the third	True
Parra also doubled and scored on Eric Chavez 's triple in the third . Eric Chavez tripled in a run in the third	True
LOS ANGELES -- Joe Nathan ( 2 - 0 ) gave up three runs in the bottom of the ninth inning to help the Detroit Tigers to a 7 - 6 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Adrian Gonzalez led off the bottom of the ninth	True
Scott Van Slyke drove in the tying run with a fielder 's choice grounder , and Al Alburquerque came on to get the final out for his first save of the season . Nick Castellanos hit a three - run homer in the third inning , and Victor Martinez added a solo shot in the ninth	True
Nick Castellanos hit a three - run homer in the third inning , and Victor Martinez added a solo shot in the ninth off Joe Nathan ( 2 - 0 ) to give the Dodgers a 4 - 3 lead . The Dodgers scored three runs in the ninth	True
The Dodgers scored three runs in the ninth off Joe Nathan ( 2 - 0 ) , who gave up three runs and three hits in one inning . The Dodgers tied it in the ninth	True
Nathan ( 0 - 1 ) was charged with the loss , giving up a run and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . J. P. Howell got the final out in the eighth	True
Nathan ( 0 - 1 ) was charged with the loss , giving up a run and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . J. P. Howell got the final out in the eighth and Brandon League pitched the ninth	False
He struck out five and walked one . The Dodgers tied the game 3 - 2 in the second	True
Padres manager Bud Black was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . The Padres had runners on first	False
Padres manager Bud Black was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
Padres manager Bud Black was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . The Padres had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth	True
The Padres had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth , but John Stauffer came on to strike out pinch - hitter Mike Aviles and Carlos Santana to end the inning . The Indians added three runs in the ninth	True
The right - hander struck out six and walked one . Joakim Soria worked a perfect ninth	True
The Rangers have won four of five . Peralta ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs , two earned , and two hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 6.23 ERA in his last five starts . Andrus put the Rangers up 2 - 0 in the eighth	True
Andrus put the Rangers up 2 - 0 in the eighth with a two - run homer off Neal Cotts . Donnie Murphy added a run - scoring single in the ninth	False
WASHINGTON -- The Washington Nationals have been waiting for the Atlanta Braves to get back to .500 . Luis Avilan ( 1 - 0 ) got the last out of the eighth inning to earn his first major league win , and Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth	True
Luis Avilan ( 1 - 0 ) got the last out of the eighth inning to earn his first major league win , and Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his third save in as many nights , leading the Braves to a 2 - 1 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . Evan Gattis and Chris Johnson hit back - to - back sacrifice flies off Tyler Clippard ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth	True
Evan Gattis and Chris Johnson hit back - to - back sacrifice flies off Tyler Clippard ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth to give the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . Luis Avilan ( 1 - 0 ) got the last out of the seventh	True
Luis Avilan ( 1 - 0 ) got the last out of the seventh for his first major league win . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth	True
Atlanta 's Jordan Zimmermann allowed one run and four hits in five innings , striking out nine and walking one . Jordan Walden got the final two outs in the eighth	True
Atlanta 's Jordan Zimmermann allowed one run and four hits in five innings , striking out nine and walking one . Jordan Walden got the final two outs in the eighth , and Craig Stammen worked the eighth	True
Atlanta 's Jordan Zimmermann allowed one run and four hits in five innings , striking out nine and walking one . Jordan Walden got the final two outs in the eighth , and Craig Stammen worked the eighth and Craig Kimbrel worked a perfect ninth	True
He struck out nine and walked one . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth when Anthony Rendon led off with a double and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly . The Nationals tied it in the sixth	True
The Nationals tied it in the sixth . Jason Heyward drew a leadoff walk , stole second	False
Jason Heyward drew a leadoff walk , stole second and scored on a sacrifice fly by Chris Johnson . Washington took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
DENVER -- Charlie Blackmon had a career - high six hits and drove in five runs to help the Colorado Rockies beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 12 - 2 on Tuesday night . Blackmon had a career - high six hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth	True
DENVER -- Charlie Blackmon had a career - high six hits and drove in five runs to help the Colorado Rockies beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 12 - 2 on Tuesday night . Blackmon had a career - high six hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth and a two - run double in the eighth	True
Blackmon had a career - high six hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth and a two - run double in the eighth . He also had a two - run double in the eighth	True
The Rockies have won five of their last six games . Blackmon had a career - high six hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth	True
The Rockies have won five of their last six games . Blackmon had a career - high six hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth , and a two - run double in the eighth	True
Blackmon had a career - high six hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth , and a two - run double in the eighth . He also had a two - run double in the eighth	True
The Diamondbacks have won six of their last seven games . Gonzalez hit a two - run triple off Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) in the third	True
The Diamondbacks have won six of their last seven games . Gonzalez hit a two - run triple off Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) in the third and added a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Gonzalez hit a two - run triple off Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) in the third and added a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 8 - 1 . Blackmon had a two - run double in the eighth	False
Gonzalez hit a two - run triple off Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) in the third and added a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 8 - 1 . Blackmon had a two - run double in the eighth and a two - run double in the eighth	False
It was the first time the Rockies had scored at least 10 runs in a game this season . Gonzalez hit a two - run triple off Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) in the third	True
It was the first time the Rockies had scored at least 10 runs in a game this season . Gonzalez hit a two - run triple off Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) in the third and added a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Gonzalez hit a two - run triple off Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) in the third and added a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Rockies a 6 - 0 lead . Gonzalez added a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Gonzalez hit a two - run triple off Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) in the third and added a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Rockies a 6 - 0 lead . Gonzalez added a two - run homer in the sixth , and Blackmon added a two - run double in the eighth	False
It was Olt 's second home run of the season . The Pirates had runners on first	False
It was Olt 's second home run of the season . The Pirates had runners on first and second	False
It was Olt 's second home run of the season . The Pirates had runners on first and second with no outs in the third	True
Jose Altuve had two hits and drove in two runs for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Hoes hit a solo homer in the second inning and Jesus Guzman hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He walked two and struck out three . Dellin Betances , Matt Albers and Chad Qualls each threw a scoreless inning before Vidal Nuno struck out the side in the eighth	True
Dellin Betances , Matt Albers and Chad Qualls each threw a scoreless inning before Vidal Nuno struck out the side in the eighth . Vidal Nuno struck out the side in the eighth	True
Dellin Betances , Matt Albers and Chad Qualls each threw a scoreless inning before Vidal Nuno struck out the side in the eighth . Vidal Nuno struck out the side in the eighth , and Vidal Nuno struck out the side in the eighth	False
PHILADELPHIA -- Ryan Howard 's first career grand slam with two outs in the ninth inning lifted the Philadelphia Phillies to a 6 - 3 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Ryan Howard hit a grand slam with two outs in the ninth	True
Ryan Howard hit a grand slam with two outs in the ninth off Boone Logan , who blew a save for the third time this season . Ryan Howard hit a grand slam with two outs in the ninth	False
Ryan Howard hit a grand slam with two outs in the ninth off Boone Logan , who blew a save for the third time this season . Ryan Howard hit a grand slam with two outs in the ninth off Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) , who pitched a perfect ninth	True
Ryan Howard hit a grand slam with two outs in the ninth off Jonathan Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) , who pitched a perfect ninth to earn his 13th save . LaTroy Hawkins ( 2 - 1 ) retired the first two batters in the ninth	False
It was the second game - ending homer of the season for Howard , who had been 0 - for - 8 in his previous four games . The Phillies trailed 2 - 1 when Justin Morneau led off the bottom of the third	True
It was the first homer for Morneau , who hit a two - run shot in the second inning to give the Rockies a 1 - 0 lead . Colorado tied it in the third	True
The Rockies tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Marlon Byrd . Colorado tied it at 2 in the fifth	True
Colorado tied it at 2 in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Corey Dickerson . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Wilin Rosario 's RBI double . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on Marlon Byrd 's RBI single . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	False
Cruz homered twice and drove in two runs , Yovani Gallardo pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Brewers beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Cruz hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the sixth	True
The right - hander has allowed three earned runs or less in each of his last four starts . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Ryan Braun 's two - out , two - run double , and Cruz 's solo homer in the sixth gave the Brewers a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Cruz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Cruz , who hit a two - run shot in the eighth to give the Brewers a 5 - 3 win over the Orioles on Tuesday night . The Brewers took a 3 - 1 lead in the second	True
He struck out seven and walked three . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth	True
Koji Uehara pitched the ninth for his 11th save in 12 chances . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Chris Johnson . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Red Sox tied it in the bottom half on David Ross ' two - out RBI single . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Chris Johnson 's sacrifice fly . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Chris Johnson 's sacrifice fly . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Chris Johnson 's sacrifice fly . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Chris Johnson 's sacrifice fly . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Chris Johnson 's sacrifice fly . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Chris Johnson . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Boston starter Aaron Harang struck out seven in six innings , allowing two runs and seven hits with one walk and seven strikeouts . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Jenrry Mejia ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win . Jeanmar Gomez ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , giving up two runs -- two earned -- and two hits in one - third	True
He walked four and struck out two . New York took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
New York took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI double by Lagares and a two - out RBI single by Bobby Abreu . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on a two - out , two - run single by Lagares and a two - out , two - run single by Starling Marte . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on a two - out , two - run single by Lagares and a two - out , two - run single by Starling Marte . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on a two - out RBI double by Lagares and a run - scoring single by Bobby Abreu , who was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second	False
The right - hander has allowed three runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Kenley Jansen struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Kenley Jansen struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances . Andre Ethier hit a solo homer and drove in four runs , and Devin Mesoraco hit a two - run homer off Alfredo Simon ( 6 - 3 ) in the eighth	True
He struck out eight and walked two . Cano had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the second inning and a two - out RBI single in the second	True
Cano had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the second inning . He had an RBI single in the second	True
Cano had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the second inning . He had an RBI single in the second and a two - out RBI single in the second	True
Cano had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the second inning . He had an RBI single in the second	True
Cano had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the second inning . He had an RBI single in the second and a two - out RBI single in the second	True
Cano had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the second inning . He had an RBI single in the second	True
Cano had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the second inning . He had an RBI single in the second and a two - out RBI single in the second	True
He had an RBI single in the second and a two - out RBI single in the second . Pujols homered off Young in the seventh	True
Pujols homered off Young in the seventh . Pujols homered off Young in the seventh	False
He struck out seven and walked two . Desmond homered in the fourth	True
Desmond homered in the fourth for the Pirates , who have lost three of four . Desmond hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Desmond homered in the fourth for the Pirates , who have lost three of four . Desmond hit a solo homer in the fourth and Wilson Ramos added an RBI single in the fifth	False
Jared Hughes ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a perfect seventh inning for the win . Mark Melancon pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked one and struck out four . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Toronto tied it in the bottom half when Cabrera hit a two - out RBI single . Toronto added a run in the seventh	True
Toronto tied it in the bottom half when Cabrera hit a two - out RBI single . Toronto added a run in the seventh when Adam Lind singled , stole second	False
Toronto 's Brandon Bautista went 0 - for - 4 and is hitless in his past 16 at - bats . The A 's scored their only run in the seventh	True
Toronto 's Brandon Bautista went 0 - for - 4 and is hitless in his past 16 at - bats . The A 's scored their only run in the seventh when Gose led off with a single , stole third	False
The A 's scored their only run in the seventh when Gose led off with a single , stole third and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jed Lowrie . Oakland cut it to 5 - 2 in the seventh	False
The A 's scored their only run in the seventh when Gose led off with a single , stole third and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jed Lowrie . Oakland cut it to 5 - 2 in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Jed Lowrie , but the Blue Jays tacked on two more in the ninth	True
Tom Koehler ( 4 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in five innings for the Marlins , who have lost five of six . The Brewers ' Khris Davis homered in the fifth	True
Tom Koehler ( 4 - 4 ) gave up seven runs and nine hits in five innings for the Marlins , who have lost five of six . The Brewers ' Khris Davis homered in the fifth , and Jones had a run - scoring double in the seventh	True
The Brewers ' Khris Davis homered in the fifth , and Jones had a run - scoring double in the seventh . Stanton hit his second homer of the game , a solo shot in the seventh	True
Stanton hit his second homer of the game , a solo shot in the seventh , to make it 9 - 4 . Jones hit a two - out RBI double in the seventh	True
Jones hit a two - out RBI double in the seventh to make it 9 - 5 . Jones hit a two - out RBI double in the seventh	False
Jones hit a two - out RBI double in the seventh off Brandon Kintzler to make it 9 - 5 . Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Jones hit a two - out RBI double in the seventh off Brandon Kintzler to make it 9 - 5 . Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the seventh	True
Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the seventh . Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the seventh . Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the seventh	False
Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the seventh . Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the seventh . Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the seventh	False
Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the seventh . Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the seventh . Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the seventh	False
Jones hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the seventh . Jones hit a two - out RBI double in the seventh	True
The right - hander has allowed one earned run in 14 innings over his last three starts . Mark Melancon pitched the ninth	True
He walked five and struck out four . The Pirates took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
The Pirates took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth when Josh Harrison hit an RBI double and scored on a two - out single by McCutchen . The Pirates added a run in the eighth	True
The Pirates added a run in the eighth when Chris Stewart doubled and scored on a two - out single by Josh Harrison . Pittsburgh 's Ian Desmond homered leading off the fourth	True
Pittsburgh 's Ian Desmond homered leading off the fourth to tie the game at 1 . It was his 19th of the season and second	False
It was his 19th of the season and second in two games . The Pirates took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
DENVER -- Hunter Pence and Brandon Crawford hit back - to - back home runs in the seventh inning , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Colorado Rockies 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . Hunter Pence hit a solo homer in the fourth inning and Brandon Crawford added a solo shot in the seventh	True
Yusmeiro Petit ( 3 - 1 ) pitched three scoreless innings for the win . Jeremy Affeldt pitched a perfect eighth	True
Yusmeiro Petit ( 3 - 1 ) pitched three scoreless innings for the win . Jeremy Affeldt pitched a perfect eighth and Boone Casilla got two outs in the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Hector Sanchez 's two - out RBI double . Hector Sanchez added an RBI double in the sixth	True
Crawford 's solo homer in the seventh made it 4 - 0 . The Rockies added a run in the eighth	False
The Rockies added a run in the eighth on Morse 's RBI groundout and a run - scoring groundout by DJ LeMahieu . The Rockies added a run in the eighth	False
The Rockies added a run in the eighth on Morse 's RBI groundout and Brandon Barnes ' pinch - hit double . Brandon Barnes singled in the ninth	False
Mitch Moreland 's two - run homer in the seventh gave the Rangers a 4 - 2 lead . Shin-Soo Choo had an RBI double in the eighth	False
Mitch Moreland 's two - run homer in the seventh gave the Rangers a 4 - 2 lead . Shin-Soo Choo had an RBI double in the eighth and Adrian Beltre added an RBI single in the eighth	False
He struck out three , walked three and hit a batter . Toronto 's Juan Francisco homered in the fourth	True
It was the first homer allowed by Dickey this season . Alex Rios hit a two - run triple in the fourth	True
Alex Rios hit a two - run triple in the fourth to give the Blue Jays a 2 - 1 lead . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Josh Reddick hit a pair of three - run homers , Sonny Gray pitched six strong innings and the Oakland Athletics beat the Cleveland Indians 11 - 1 on Tuesday night . Reddick hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh	True
Reddick hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh to make it 11 - 1 . Reddick hit a three - run homer in the second	True
Reddick hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh to make it 11 - 1 . Reddick hit a three - run homer in the second and a two - run shot in the seventh	True
It was the first multihomer game of his career . Reddick hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh	True
The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Jed Lowrie hit a solo homer in the third	True
He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter . Joe Smith pitched the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Francisco Melancon pitched the ninth	True
Francisco Melancon pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six chances . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Pirates tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Jeff Bianchi , but the Brewers tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Jeff Bianchi and a run - scoring single by Ryan Braun . The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the ninth	False
The Brewers tied it in the bottom of the ninth on a two - run double by Starling Marte off Jim Henderson . Marte 's two - run double in the ninth	True
Marte 's two - run double in the ninth off Rodriguez ( Jim Henderson ( 1 - 1 ) gave the Pirates a 4 - 1 lead . Tony Watson ( 4 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Marte 's two - run double in the ninth off Rodriguez ( Jim Henderson ( 1 - 1 ) gave the Pirates a 4 - 1 lead . Tony Watson ( 4 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win , and Mark Melancon pitched the ninth	True
Tony Watson ( 4 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win , and Mark Melancon pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six chances . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Odorizzi ( 2 - 3 ) allowed one hit in six innings , striking out seven and walking two . Grant Balfour pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Jared Burton ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . Austin Jackson 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 in the fourth	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . Austin Jackson 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 in the fourth , and Kinsler led off the fifth	True
Austin Jackson 's RBI single made it 2 - 0 in the fourth , and Kinsler led off the fifth with his second homer of the season . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Eduardo Escobar 's two - out RBI single in the seventh made it 4 - 3 . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He walked none and struck out four . Cron hit a solo homer in the third	True
He walked none and struck out four . Cron hit a solo homer in the third and Chris Iannetta hit a two - run shot in the second	True
He walked none and struck out one . Cron hit a solo homer in the third	True
He walked none and struck out one . Cron hit a solo homer in the third , his first	False
He walked none and struck out one . Cron hit a solo homer in the third , his first of the season , and Cron added a solo drive in the third	True
He walked none and struck out one . Cron hit a solo homer in the third , his first of the season , and Cron added a solo drive in the third , his first	False
Cron hit a solo homer in the third , his first of the season , and Cron added a solo drive in the third , his first of the season . Chris Iannetta hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Chris Iannetta hit a two - run homer in the second for the Blue Jays , who have lost three of four . Toronto 's Jose Reyes hit a leadoff double in the ninth	True
He walked none and struck out four . The Blue Jays jumped on Happ with a three - run second	True
The Blue Jays jumped on Happ with a three - run second . Iannetta hit a two - run homer , his third	False
The Blue Jays jumped on Happ with a three - run second . Iannetta hit a two - run homer , his third , and Cron made it 4 - 1 with a solo shot to left in the third	True
Derek Jeter homered and Vidal Nuno pitched into the seventh inning to lead the Yankees to a 9 - 2 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Wednesday night . Mark Teixeira hit a two - run double in a four - run first inning , and Derek Jeter added a solo homer in the second	True
Justin Upton and Matt Holliday also drove in runs for the Braves , who took two of three from the Cardinals . Justin Upton hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
He struck out five and walked two . David Carpenter ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
David Carpenter ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth	False
He struck out seven and walked one . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Matt Carpenter led off with a double and scored on Matt Holliday 's single . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth	True
The Cardinals tied it in the sixth . Matt Carpenter led off with a double , moved to third	False
Matt Carpenter led off with a double , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Matt Holliday 's single to center . The Cardinals tied it in the sixth	True
The Cardinals tied it in the sixth . Freddie Freeman led off with a single , moved to third	False
Freddie Freeman led off with a single , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Holliday 's single to center . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
SAN DIEGO -- Kansas City 's Alex Gordon had a big hit in the 11th inning to help the Royals to a 3 - 1 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Alex Gordon hit a go - ahead single in the 11th inning , and Billy Butler added an RBI double in the 11th	True
Wade Davis ( 2 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Greg Holland pitched the 11th	True
Greg Holland pitched the 11th for his eighth save in 10 chances . Alex Gordon had an RBI single in the 11th	True
Greg Holland pitched the 11th for his eighth save in 10 chances . Alex Gordon had an RBI single in the 11th and Billy Butler added an RBI double in the 11th	False
San Diego 's Eric Hosmer hit a one - out single off Nick Vincent ( 0 - 1 ) , advanced on a sacrifice and scored on Billy Butler 's pinch - hit double to right . The Padres had runners on first	False
San Diego 's Eric Hosmer hit a one - out single off Nick Vincent ( 0 - 1 ) , advanced on a sacrifice and scored on Billy Butler 's pinch - hit double to right . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
San Diego 's Eric Hosmer hit a one - out single off Nick Vincent ( 0 - 1 ) , advanced on a sacrifice and scored on Billy Butler 's pinch - hit double to right . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th	True
The right - hander was coming off a 1 - 0 victory over the New York Yankees in which he was charged with three runs , one earned , and four hits in five - plus innings . Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth	True
Ernesto Frieri pitched the ninth for his third save . Shawn Kelley ( 0 - 2 ) walked Albert Pujols leading off the eighth	True
Tulowitzki hit a pair of two - run homers , Jordan Lyles pitched eight strong innings and the Rockies beat the Texas Rangers 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Tulowitzki hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Tulowitzki hit a two - run homer in the second	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Tulowitzki hit a two - run homer in the second and a two - run shot in the seventh	True
He struck out five and walked three . Tulowitzki hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked three . Tulowitzki hit a two - run homer in the fifth and Tulowitzki added a two - run shot in the seventh	False
Tulowitzki hit a two - run homer in the fifth and Tulowitzki added a two - run shot in the seventh to make it 7 - 1 . Tulowitzki added a two - run shot in the seventh	False
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Tulowitzki , who went 2 - for - 3 with a pair of two - run homers and a pair of two - run shots . He also had a two - run shot in the second inning , a two - run shot in the fifth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Tulowitzki , who went 2 - for - 3 with a pair of two - run homers and a pair of two - run shots . He also had a two - run shot in the second inning , a two - run shot in the fifth and a two - run homer in the seventh	True
He also had a two - run shot in the second inning , a two - run shot in the fifth and a two - run homer in the seventh . Tulowitzki added a two - run shot in the seventh	True
Scherzer ( 4 - 1 ) allowed three hits , struck out nine and walked one in his longest outing of the season . Joe Nathan pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked three . Victor Martinez hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
The Astros have lost four of five . Houston had runners on first	False
The Astros have lost four of five . Houston had runners on first and second	False
The Astros have lost four of five . Houston had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
Houston had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Scherzer struck out Ian Kinsler and Chris Carter to end the inning . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh	True
Houston had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Scherzer struck out Ian Kinsler and Chris Carter to end the inning . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Ian Kinsler was hit by a pitch , stole second	False
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Ian Kinsler was hit by a pitch , stole second and scored on a single by Rajai Davis . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Nick Castellanos led off with a single and scored on a single by Rajai Davis . The Astros had runners on first	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Nick Castellanos led off with a single and scored on a single by Rajai Davis . The Astros had runners on first and second	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Nick Castellanos led off with a single and scored on a single by Rajai Davis . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Scherzer struck out Chris Carter and got Miguel Cabrera to ground into a double play . The Astros had runners on first	False
The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Scherzer struck out Chris Carter and got Miguel Cabrera to ground into a double play . The Astros had runners on first and second	False
The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Scherzer struck out Chris Carter and got Miguel Cabrera to ground into a double play . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	False
The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Scherzer struck out Chris Carter and got Alex Avila to ground into a double play . The Astros had runners on first	False
The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Scherzer struck out Chris Carter and got Alex Avila to ground into a double play . The Astros had runners on first and second	False
The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Scherzer struck out Chris Carter and got Alex Avila to ground into a double play . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	False
DENVER -- Charlie Culberson hit a two - run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Colorado Rockies to an 11 - 10 win over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Charlie Culberson hit a two - run homer off Kyle Farnsworth ( 0 - 2 ) in the bottom of the ninth	True
Troy Tulowitzki had three hits and scored three runs for the Mets , who have lost four of five . LaTroy Hawkins ( 1 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Franklin Morales gave up a solo homer to Ryan Wheeler in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Franklin Morales gave up a solo homer to Ryan Wheeler in the fifth and a two - run homer to Nolan Arenado in the fifth	True
Franklin Morales gave up a solo homer to Ryan Wheeler in the fifth and a two - run homer to Nolan Arenado in the fifth . Arenado hit a three - run homer in the fifth	False
It was Arenado 's first home run since July 26 , 2011 , at Coors Field . The Mets took a 6 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Mets took a 6 - 0 lead in the third on a run - scoring single by Anthony Recker and a run - scoring single by Lucas Duda . The Mets took a 6 - 0 lead in the third	False
Carlos Gonzalez had an RBI single and Curtis Granderson an RBI single to make it 6 - 0 . The Mets took a 6 - 0 lead in the third	True
Lincecum ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and six hits , struck out four and walked three in his second start since coming off the disabled list . Sergio Romo pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Michael Morse hit a tiebreaking homer in the sixth inning , and Freddie Freeman drove in a run with a single in the fifth	True
Pagan 's homer in the first gave the Giants a 1 - 0 lead . The Giants tied it at 1 in the fifth	True
The Giants tied it at 1 in the fifth on a two - out single by Jason Heyward , who was 3 - for - 5 with two doubles . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Pagan 's first homer of the season . Atlanta tied it in the fifth	True
Atlanta tied it in the fifth when Gerald Laird led off with a double and scored on Minor 's wild pitch . San Francisco tied it in the sixth	True
Mike Zunino hit a two - run homer for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Seattle starter Joe Beimel retired the first batter he faced in the eighth	True
Seattle starter Joe Beimel retired the first batter he faced in the eighth before Charlie Furbush ( 0 - 3 ) walked Robinson Cano to load the bases . Altuve advanced to third	False
Altuve advanced to third on a wild pitch and scored on a groundout by Jonathan Villar to push the lead to 4 - 3 . The Astros took a 4 - 3 lead in the sixth	True
The Astros took a 4 - 3 lead in the sixth on a two - run double by Kyle Seager and a two - run homer by Mike Zunino . The Astros took a 4 - 3 lead in the sixth	False
The Astros took a 4 - 3 lead in the sixth on a two - run double by Kyle Seager and a two - run single by Krauss . The Astros tied it at 2 - all in the fifth	True
The right - hander struck out five and walked one . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Indians have lost four of five and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago White Sox in the AL Central . Andre Ethier singled with one out in the seventh	True
The Indians have lost four of five and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago White Sox in the AL Central . Andre Ethier singled with one out in the seventh , stole second	False
Andre Ethier singled with one out in the seventh , stole second and scored on Clint Robinson 's pinch - hit single to center . The Dodgers had runners on first	False
Andre Ethier singled with one out in the seventh , stole second and scored on Clint Robinson 's pinch - hit single to center . The Dodgers had runners on first and second	False
Andre Ethier singled with one out in the seventh , stole second and scored on Clint Robinson 's pinch - hit single to center . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
Tommy La Stella had an RBI single and Freddie Freeman drew a bases - loaded walk to force in the go - ahead run . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth	True
Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth for his 25th save in 27 chances . The Braves , who have won four of five , took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
The Braves , who have won four of five , took a 3 - 1 lead in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Chris Young and a run - scoring single by Daniel Murphy . Curtis Granderson led off the game with a home run , and Freddie Freeman drove in two runs with a bases - loaded walk in the eighth	True
Familia ( 1 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up four runs -- one earned -- and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . The Mets took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Mets took a 3 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Chris Young and a run - scoring double by Daniel Murphy . Travis d'Arnaud 's RBI double made it 2 - 0 in the second	True
Travis d'Arnaud 's RBI double made it 2 - 0 in the second . The Mets added another run in the third	True
He struck out five and walked three . Jenrry Mejia pitched a perfect ninth	True
Kirk Nieuwenhuis followed with a run - scoring single , and Daniel Murphy 's two - out , two - run single made it 5 - 0 . The Mets took a 5 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Mets took a 5 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Neil Walker and a run - scoring single by Kirk Nieuwenhuis . The Mets took a 5 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Mets took a 5 - 0 lead in the second . Andrew McCutchen led off with a single , stole second	False
Kirk Nieuwenhuis followed with an RBI single to make it 5 - 0 . The Mets took a 5 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Mets took a 5 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Campbell and a run - scoring single by Kirk Nieuwenhuis . The Mets took a 5 - 0 lead in the second	False
He struck out three and did not walk a batter . The Royals scored three runs in the sixth	True
Freese hit a two - run single and Albert Pujols drove in a run with a single . Freese added a two - run single in the sixth	True
Freese hit a two - run single and Albert Pujols drove in a run with a single . Freese added a two - run single in the sixth , and Calhoun added an RBI single in the sixth	True
The right - hander is 2 - 0 in five starts against the Red Sox this season . Brett Gardner homered for the second straight game and Brian McCann added a two - run shot in the eighth	True
He struck out nine and did n't walk a batter . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked two . Freeman hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added an RBI double in the second	True
Freeman hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added an RBI double in the second . The Braves took a 4 - 0 lead in the second	True
Freeman followed with an RBI double to make it 4 - 0 . The Braves cut it to 4 - 2 in the fourth	True
Marlon Byrd 's RBI single in the fourth cut Atlanta 's lead to 4 - 2 , but Teheran escaped further trouble by striking out Jason Heyward and Cameron Rupp to end the inning . The Phillies took a 4 - 0 lead in the second	True
Neil Ramirez ( 1 - 1 ) ( 1 - 1 ) got one out for the win . Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth	True
Denard Span had two hits and drove in two runs for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Washington took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Chase Utley hit a two - run homer in the 14th inning to lift the Phillies to a 5 - 3 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Utley connected off Chris Hatcher ( 0 - 1 ) with two outs in the 14th	True
He struck out six and did n't walk a batter . The Marlins tied it at 3 in the seventh	True
The Marlins tied it at 3 in the seventh on a solo homer by Marcell Ozuna and a solo shot by Jarrod Saltalamacchia . The Marlins tied it at 3 in the seventh	False
The right - hander is 0 - 3 with a 7.16 ERA in his last five starts . Joe Smith worked the ninth	True
Minnesota took a 5 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run single by Josh Hamilton and a two - run single by Danny Santana . The Angels tied it in the second	True
The Angels tied it in the second on a two - run homer by Kendrys Morales and a two - run shot by Trout . The Angels tied it in the second	False
The Angels tied it in the second on a two - run single by Danny Santana and a two - run single by Howie Kendrick . Trout hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Trout hit a two - run homer in the second , giving the Angels a 7 - 5 lead . The Angels tied it at 5 in the fifth	True
He walked four and struck out four . Addison Reed struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out one and walked one . The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out one and walked one . The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Buster Posey led off with a single , stole second	False
The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Buster Posey led off with a single , stole second and scored on Hill 's two - out single . Hill added a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
Martin Prado 's RBI double in the first gave the Giants a 2 - 1 lead . Chris Owings hit a run - scoring double in the fifth	True
Chris Owings hit a run - scoring double in the fifth to give the Giants a 3 - 1 lead . Hill added a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
He struck out one and walked one . The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Pablo Sandoval 's RBI triple off the wall in right - center . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Goldschmidt doubled and scored on Hill 's sacrifice fly . Arizona took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
Arizona took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Buster Posey led off with a single , stole third	False
The Phillies have won four of their last five games . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Cardinals have lost four of five . Howard hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.74 ERA over his last four starts . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Rays have lost four of five . Cruz hit a solo homer off Gausman in the eighth	True
It was the first homer of the season for Cruz , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of Tuesday night 's 3 - 2 win over Tampa Bay . Cruz 's homer was the first	False
It was the second time this season the Orioles have hit back - to - back homers . Cruz hit a solo shot in the eighth	True
The White Sox have lost six of seven . The White Sox scored four runs in the fourth	True
The White Sox scored four runs in the fourth to take a 5 - 0 lead . Moustakas hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
The White Sox scored four runs in the fourth to take a 5 - 0 lead . Moustakas hit a solo homer in the eighth and Butler added a two - run shot off Daniel Webb in the ninth	True
Moustakas hit a solo homer in the eighth and Butler added a two - run shot off Daniel Webb in the ninth . Paul Konerko homered off Michael Mariot in the ninth	False
They had scored just 10 runs in their previous six games . The White Sox scored three runs in the fourth	True
Salvador Perez followed with a double and scored on Nori Aoki 's double - play grounder . The White Sox added three runs in the fourth	True
He walked one and struck out two . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Chase Headley 's RBI double and Reid Brignac 's two - run double . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Chase Headley and a run - scoring single by Jimmy Rollins . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Will Venable and a sacrifice fly by Domonic Brown . Mayberry hit a three - run homer off Alex Torres in the seventh	True
Mayberry hit a three - run homer off Alex Torres in the seventh to make it 7 - 2 . Grandal hit a solo shot off Ken Giles in the ninth	True
It was Grandal 's first home run since May 21 . The Padres had a chance to add to their lead in the eighth	True
The Padres had a chance to add to their lead in the eighth . Marlon Byrd hit a one - out single , stole second	False
The Padres had a chance to add to their lead in the eighth . Marlon Byrd hit a one - out single , stole second and went to third	False
McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Jason Hammel ( 6 - 4 ) , who gave up four runs and 11 hits in five innings . Jason Grilli pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out six and walked four . Abreu led off the second inning with his 21st homer , and the White Sox tied it in the fourth	True
He struck out six and walked four . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Miguel Cabrera led off with a double and scored on Adam Dunn 's single . The White Sox tied it in the fourth	True
The White Sox tied it in the fourth when Torii Hunter drove in a run with a groundout . Alejandro De Aza had an RBI single in the sixth	False
Alejandro De Aza had an RBI single in the sixth to make it 8 - 1 . Rajai Davis had an RBI double in the seventh	True
He struck out six and walked four . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . Yadier Molina hit a two - run single in the third	True
The right - hander is winless in his last five starts . Yadier Molina hit a two - run single in the third and Matt Joyce drove in a run with a single in the fourth	True
Oviedo ( 2 - 2 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings to get the win . Grant Balfour pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his last five starts . The Cardinals scored three runs in the fourth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Cardinals took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Cardinals took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a two - run single by Molina and a run - scoring single by Matt Joyce . The Cardinals took a 4 - 3 lead in the fourth	True
Rizzo had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning that gave the Cubs a 2 - 0 lead . Andrew McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Rizzo had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning . He also doubled in a run in the seventh	True
Wood ( 0 - 1 ) gave up four runs , four hits and a walk in 2 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Pirates took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
Rizzo had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning that put Chicago ahead 2 - 0 . The Cubs tied it at 3 in the fourth	True
The Cubs tied it at 3 in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Josh Harrison . Rizzo doubled in a run in the seventh	True
Rizzo doubled in a run in the seventh and scored on Starlin Castro 's single to make it 7 - 3 . Rizzo doubled in a run in the seventh	True
Rizzo doubled in a run in the seventh and scored on a sacrifice fly by Russell Martin . Rizzo had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third	True
Rizzo had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third that put the Cubs ahead 5 - 3 . The Pirates took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
He walked three and struck out two . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Mike Trout led off with a double and scored on Josh Hamilton 's two - out single . The Angels tied it in the eighth	True
The Angels tied it in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Jed Lowrie , who was 0 - for - 4 with a sacrifice fly . Oakland tied it in the eighth	False
The Angels tied it in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by Jed Lowrie , who was 0 - for - 4 with a sacrifice fly . Oakland tied it in the eighth against Mike Morin with a two - out single by Derek Norris , who was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second	False
He struck out eight , walked one and hit a batter . Oakland tied it in the eighth	True
He walked one and struck out seven . Hanley Ramirez had a two - run single in the fifth	True
He walked one and struck out seven . Hanley Ramirez had a two - run single in the fifth , and Adrian Gonzalez had an RBI double in the seventh	False
Hanley Ramirez had a two - run single in the fifth , and Adrian Gonzalez had an RBI double in the seventh for a 6 - 0 lead . Yasiel Puig doubled in the seventh	True
Yasiel Puig doubled in the seventh and scored on Zack Cozart 's two - out single off Brian Wilson . Jamey Wright pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Yasiel Puig doubled in the seventh and scored on Zack Cozart 's two - out single off Brian Wilson . Jamey Wright pitched a scoreless eighth and Sean Marshall worked the ninth	False
Kurt Suzuki hit a tying double with two outs in the ninth inning and Kevin Pillar followed with an RBI single to lift the Toronto Blue Jays to a 5 - 4 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Kurt Suzuki had three hits , including an RBI double off Matt Guerrier ( 0 - 1 ) in the ninth	True
Casey Janssen ( 1 - 0 ) gave up two runs in the bottom half , but Casey Fien came on and gave up a run - scoring single to Eduardo Escobar and a run - scoring single to Kurt Suzuki . The Blue Jays tied it at 4 in the ninth	True
The Blue Jays tied it at 4 in the ninth on Kevin Pillar 's two - out RBI single off Casey Fien , who gave up a run - scoring single to Kurt Suzuki and a two - run homer to Edwin Encarnacion . Reyes led off the game with a homer , his fifth	False
It was the second time this season the Blue Jays have hit back - to - back homers . Reyes led off the bottom half with a drive to left , his fifth	False
It was the second time this season the Blue Jays have hit back - to - back homers . The Blue Jays tied it at 4 in the ninth	True
The Blue Jays tied it at 4 in the ninth on a two - out RBI single by Eduardo Escobar . The Blue Jays tied it at 4 in the ninth	False
It was Peralta 's first home run since July 21 , a span of 69 at - bats . Upton 's homer off David Hale in the seventh gave the Diamondbacks a 6 - 2 lead , and Chris Owings singled in two runs in the seventh	True
Upton 's homer off David Hale in the seventh gave the Diamondbacks a 6 - 2 lead , and Chris Owings singled in two runs in the seventh to give the Diamondbacks a 4 - 2 lead . Chris Owings hit a two - run single off David Hale in the seventh	True
Chris Owings hit a two - run single off David Hale in the seventh to give the Braves a 4 - 2 lead . Peralta tied it at 2 with a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Peralta tied it at 2 with a two - run homer in the seventh . The Diamondbacks added a run in the eighth	False
Peralta tied it at 2 with a two - run homer in the seventh . The Diamondbacks added a run in the eighth on Ramiro Pena 's pinch - hit homer off Evan Marshall , his second	False
The Diamondbacks added a run in the eighth on Ramiro Pena 's pinch - hit homer off Evan Marshall , his second of the season . Brad Ziegler gave up a solo homer to David Peralta in the ninth	False
Yoervis Medina ( 3 - 1 ) pitched one inning for the win . Grant Balfour ( 0 - 2 ) gave up a two - run single to Endy Chavez and a two - run triple to Kyle Seager in the ninth	True
Heyward 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . Jordan Schafer led off the fifth	True
Jordan Schafer led off the fifth with a single and Heyward followed with a two - run homer to put the Braves ahead 2 - 1 . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth . David Peralta doubled , went to third	False
David Peralta doubled , went to third on a wild pitch and scored on Teheran 's wild pitch . Atlanta tied it at 2 in the fifth	True
Atlanta tied it at 2 in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Andrelton Simmons . The Diamondbacks tied it at 2 in the seventh	True
The Diamondbacks tied it at 2 in the seventh on a two - out RBI single by Justin Upton . Arizona added a run in the ninth	False
Arizona added a run in the ninth off Trevor Cahill on Heyward 's RBI single and Justin Upton 's run - scoring single . Justin Marshall pitched the eighth	True
He walked four and struck out four . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Dioner Navarro and a sacrifice fly by J. D. Martinez . Brett Lawrie hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
The Blue Jays took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Dioner Navarro and a sacrifice fly by J. D. Martinez . Brett Lawrie hit a solo homer in the sixth , and Francisco hit a two - run shot in the sixth	True
The Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on Torii Hunter 's sacrifice fly . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth on Ian Kinsler 's RBI triple and Francisco 's two - run homer . The Blue Jays tied it in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth on Ian Kinsler 's RBI triple and Francisco 's two - run homer . The Blue Jays tied it in the fourth on a two - run homer by Juan Francisco , who hit a two - run shot in the sixth	True
The Blue Jays tied it in the fourth on a two - run homer by Juan Francisco , who hit a two - run shot in the sixth . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth on a two - run single by Ian Kinsler and a run - scoring single by Dioner Navarro . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth	False
The Twins have won five of their last six games . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked one . Willingham hit a three - run homer in the third	True
Willingham hit a three - run homer in the third to give the Twins a 4 - 1 lead . Willingham hit a three - run homer in the third	False
It was the third time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back home runs . Willingham hit a three - run homer in the third	True
It was Dozier 's 20th home run of the season . The Twins scored three runs in the eighth	True
Evan Gattis hit a three - run homer , Stefen Romero added a three - run shot and the Seattle Mariners beat the Atlanta Braves 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Buck had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh	True
It was the first pinch - hit homer of Romero 's career . Gattis hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth	True
It was the first homer of the season for Gattis , who hit a three - run shot off Gavin Floyd in the first game of the series . Gattis hit a three - run homer off Gavin Floyd in the first inning and added a three - run shot off Alex Wood ( 5 - 6 ) in the fourth	True
Dominic Leone ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth	True
Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . The Braves took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	True
Freddie Freeman followed with an RBI single , and James Jones followed with a three - run homer to make it 5 - 2 . Atlanta cut the lead to 5 - 5 in the second	True
The right - hander struck out nine and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts , including a 4 - 1 loss to the Dodgers on July 31 . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts , including a 4 - 1 loss to the Dodgers on July 31 . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on a two - out , two - run homer by Jose Abreu , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
The Dodgers tied it in the bottom of the inning on Adrian Gonzalez 's RBI single , and Justin Turner 's two - run single with two outs in the sixth made it 5 - 2 . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth on an RBI single by Drew Butera and a two - run homer by Jose Abreu . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
He struck out six and walked one . Chase Headley hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Chase Headley hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Padres , who have lost five of six . Konerko hit a two - out , two - run double in the sixth	True
Konerko hit a two - out , two - run double in the sixth to give the White Sox a 4 - 1 lead . Konerko hit a two - run double in the sixth	True
Konerko hit a two - run double in the sixth to give the White Sox a 4 - 1 lead . It was Konerko 's second homer of the season and second	False
It was the first homer allowed by Stults in five starts this season . Konerko hit a two - out , two - run double in the sixth	True
Konerko 's two - run double off Kevin Quackenbush in the sixth gave the White Sox a 4 - 1 lead . It was Konerko 's second homer of the season and second	False
It was Konerko 's second homer of the season and second in two days . It was his second homer of the season and second	False
It was the second time this season the White Sox have hit back - to - back homers . Konerko hit a two - run double in the sixth	True
McCutchen had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in a run for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Turner homered in his first	False
McCutchen had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in a run for the Pirates , who have won four of five . Turner homered in his first at - bat of the season , a solo shot in the third inning and a solo shot in the fourth	True
The Pirates tied it in the bottom half on Alvarez 's two - run single . The Pirates tied it in the second	True
The Pirates tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Yasiel Puig . The Pirates tied it in the bottom half on a two - out homer by Josh Harrison , his second	False
The Pirates tied it in the bottom half on a two - out , two - run single by Alvarez , who had two hits and drove in three runs . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The right - hander struck out one and walked two . Joe Beimel ( 3 - 1 ) got the final out in the seventh	True
Joe Beimel ( 3 - 1 ) got the final out in the seventh for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Cleveland starter Zach McAllister allowed four runs and eight hits in 3 1/3 innings . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Logan Morrison . The Indians tied it in the second	True
The Indians tied it in the second on a two - run homer by Kipnis . Cleveland tied it in the second	True
HOUSTON -- Yoenis Cespedes had three hits and scored the go - ahead run in the ninth inning to help the Oakland Athletics to a 7 - 4 win over the Houston Astros on Tuesday night . The A 's trailed 4 - 1 before scoring four times in the ninth	True
Evan Scribner ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Sean Doolittle pitched a perfect ninth	True
Marwin Gonzalez hit a solo home run in the first inning for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Houston took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Reddick led off with a home run to right field . The A 's tied it in the fifth	True
The A 's tied it in the fifth on an RBI single by Jose Altuve . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Reddick led off with a home run to left field . Oakland tied it in the fifth	True
Nick Ahmed led off the 15th inning with a single off J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 8 ) , and Martin Prado drew a one - out walk from J. J. Hoover . Nick Ahmed sacrificed Prado to third	False
Oliver Perez ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Addison Reed worked around a leadoff walk in the 15th	True
Addison Reed worked around a leadoff walk in the 15th for his 25th save in 29 chances . Devin Mesoraco led off the second inning with his third homer of the season , and Miguel Montero drove in the Diamondbacks ' first run with a two - out single in the fourth	True
He struck out eight and walked two . Arizona 's Paul Goldschmidt extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with a single in the first	True
He struck out six and walked one . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth	True
It was the first pinch - hit homer of Butler 's career and the first pinch - hit home run of his career . Santana hit a two - run homer off John Axford in the eighth	True
Santana hit a two - run homer off John Axford in the eighth to give the Royals a 6 - 4 lead . Aaron Crow pitched the ninth	True
Carlos Santana hit two home runs for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Perez homered in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the sixth	True
It was Santana 's second two - homer game of the season . The Royals tied it at 4 in the seventh	True
He walked one and struck out five . Casey Janssen pitched the ninth	True
He walked four and struck out one . The Blue Jays took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a run - scoring double by Josh Thole and a run - scoring double by Ryan Goins . The Blue Jays tied it in the fifth	True
The Blue Jays tied it in the fifth on a run - scoring double by Josh Thole and a run - scoring double by Colby Rasmus . Boston tied it at 4 in the sixth	True
Boston tied it at 4 in the sixth on a run - scoring double by Josh Thole and a run - scoring double by Ryan Goins . Toronto tied it in the sixth	False
Toronto tied it in the sixth on an RBI double by Josh Thole and a run - scoring double by Ryan Goins . Toronto tied it in the sixth	False
Toronto tied it in the sixth on an RBI double by Josh Thole and a run - scoring double by Ryan Goins . Toronto tied it in the sixth	False
Toronto tied it in the sixth on an RBI double by Josh Thole and a run - scoring double by Ryan Goins . Boston tied it in the sixth	False
Boston tied it in the sixth on an RBI double by Colby Rasmus , but the Blue Jays tied it in the bottom half on Bautista 's RBI triple and a run - scoring double by Daniel Nava . Boston tied it in the sixth	False
He walked none and struck out three . Cabrera hit a three - run homer off Matt Stites in the eighth	True
He walked none and struck out three . Cabrera hit a three - run homer off Matt Stites in the eighth to make it 11 - 5 , and Ian Kinsler and David Peralta had run - scoring singles off Matt Stites to make it 7 - 5 in the seventh	True
Avila hit a two - run double and Jackson followed with a three - run double to give the Tigers a 2 - 0 lead . Arizona added three more in the fourth	True
Lucroy hit a pair of solo homers , and the Brewers beat the Cincinnati Reds 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Lucroy led off the bottom of the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out three . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Ryan Braun 's two - out solo homer and a two - out RBI double by Jay Bruce . The Reds tied it in the fourth	True
The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Ryan Braun 's two - out solo homer and a two - out RBI double by Jay Bruce . The Reds tied it in the fourth when Billy Hamilton led off with a single , stole second	False
The Reds tied it in the fourth when Billy Hamilton led off with a single , stole second and scored on Jay Bruce 's double . The Reds tied it in the fourth	False
The Reds tied it in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Brayan Pena . Milwaukee tied it at 2 in the fourth	True
Milwaukee tied it at 2 in the fourth on Braun 's 21st homer of the season . Milwaukee tied it in the seventh	True
Milwaukee tied it in the seventh on Ramon Santiago 's RBI groundout . Milwaukee tied it in the seventh	False
Milwaukee tied it in the seventh on Ramon Santiago 's RBI groundout . Milwaukee tied it in the seventh on Ramon Santiago 's run - scoring fielder 's choice and Lucroy 's solo homer in the sixth	True
Brian McCann singled home the winning run in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Yankees a 3 - 2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Jacoby Ellsbury led off the ninth	True
Brian McCann singled home the winning run in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Yankees a 3 - 2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Jacoby Ellsbury led off the ninth with a single off Aroldis Chapman ( 0 - 3 ) , stole second	False
Brian McCann singled home the winning run in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Yankees a 3 - 2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . Jacoby Ellsbury led off the ninth with a single off Aroldis Chapman ( 0 - 3 ) , stole second and advanced to third	False
Brian McCann followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 2 . David Robertson ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out six and walked two . Todd Frazier hit a tying solo homer in the eighth	True
He struck out seven , walked four and hit a batter . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
New York tied it in the bottom half on Ellsbury 's RBI single . Cincinnati tied it in the fifth	True
New York tied it in the bottom half on Ellsbury 's RBI single . Cincinnati tied it in the fifth when Zack Cozart reached on an error by third baseman Ramon Santiago , stole second	False
Chris Johnson hit a two - run homer off Kyle Kendrick ( 4 - 10 ) in the second inning to give the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . John Mayberry Jr. put Atlanta ahead 2 - 0 in the second	True
He walked two and struck out one . Marlon Byrd hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
The Phillies have lost six of seven . Philadelphia 's Tommy La Stella , who had a three - run double in the third	True
The Phillies have lost six of seven . Philadelphia 's Tommy La Stella , who had a three - run double in the third , doubled in two runs in the third	True
Philadelphia 's Tommy La Stella , who had a three - run double in the third , doubled in two runs in the third . He had a three - run double in the third	True
Philadelphia 's Tommy La Stella , who had a three - run double in the third , doubled in two runs in the third . He had a three - run double in the third and a three - run homer in the third	True
He had a three - run double in the third and a three - run homer in the third to give Atlanta a 6 - 1 lead . The Braves added three runs in the sixth	True
DJ LeMahieu 's two - out RBI single in the sixth gave the Pirates a 2 - 1 lead . The Rockies tied it in the seventh	False
Marte 's RBI single in the sixth gave the Pirates a 2 - 1 lead . The Rockies tied it in the seventh	False
Jorge De La Rosa pitched six solid innings for the Rockies , allowing one run and four hits with three walks and two strikeouts . Jorge De La Rosa pitched the eighth	True
Jorge De La Rosa pitched six solid innings for the Rockies , allowing one run and four hits with three walks and two strikeouts . Jorge De La Rosa pitched the eighth and Mark Melancon worked the ninth	False
The right - hander was 0 - 2 with a < unk > ERA in his previous four starts . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.00 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers ' only run came in the sixth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.00 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers ' only run came in the sixth when Dee Gordon reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second	False
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a 6.00 ERA in his last five starts . The Dodgers ' only run came in the sixth when Dee Gordon reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and advanced to third	False
The Dodgers ' only run came in the sixth when Dee Gordon reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second and advanced to third on catcher Rene Rivera 's throwing error . Gordon stole third	False
Gordon stole third and scored on Puig 's single to center . The Dodgers had runners on first	False
Gordon stole third and scored on Puig 's single to center . The Dodgers had runners on first and second	False
Gordon stole third and scored on Puig 's single to center . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but J. P. Howell struck out pinch - hitter Matt Kemp to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first	False
The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but J. P. Howell struck out pinch - hitter Matt Kemp to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but J. P. Howell struck out pinch - hitter Matt Kemp to end the threat . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but J. P. Howell struck out pinch - hitter Will Venable and got Miguel Rojas to ground into a double play . The Padres had runners on first	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but J. P. Howell struck out pinch - hitter Will Venable and got Miguel Rojas to ground into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but J. P. Howell struck out pinch - hitter Will Venable and got Miguel Rojas to ground into a double play . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	False
-- Yordano Ventura pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings , and the Kansas City Royals beat Justin Verlander and the Detroit Tigers 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Yordano Ventura ( 7 - 7 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of one - hit relief , and Greg Holland worked a perfect ninth	True
He walked one and struck out two . The Royals scored four runs in the seventh	True
He walked one and struck out two . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
He struck out two and did not walk a batter . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Austin Jackson led off with a double and scored on Alcides Escobar 's single . Alcides Escobar had an RBI single in the seventh	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Austin Jackson led off with a double and scored on Alcides Escobar 's single . Alcides Escobar had an RBI single in the seventh and Eric Hosmer doubled in a run in the seventh	True
He struck out eight and walked two . Aroldis Chapman struck out the side in the ninth	True
DENVER -- Troy Tulowitzki 's first two - homer game of the season helped the Colorado Rockies to a 6 - 3 win over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night . Tulowitzki hit a solo homer in the fourth inning and a solo shot in the eighth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for the Rockies , who have won five of six . Tulowitzki hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for the Rockies , who have won five of six . Tulowitzki hit a solo homer in the fourth and a solo shot in the eighth	True
Buchholz allowed four runs and five hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Buchholz allowed four runs and five hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Alexei Ramirez walked , stole second	False
Buchholz allowed four runs and five hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Alexei Ramirez walked , stole second , took third	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Alexei Ramirez walked , stole second , took third on a wild pitch and scored on Dunn 's homer . Dunn led off the second	True
Dunn led off the second with his 21st homer , a drive into the second row of the right - field seats . The White Sox had runners on first	False
Dunn led off the second with his 21st homer , a drive into the second row of the right - field seats . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
Dunn led off the second with his 21st homer , a drive into the second row of the right - field seats . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the second	True
Ryan Zimmerman hit a tiebreaking RBI single in the eighth inning , and the Nationals beat the Chicago Cubs 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Tyler Clippard ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Tyler Clippard ( 6 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth	True
Rafael Soriano pitched the ninth for his 21st save in 23 chances . Denard Span led off the eighth	True
Denard Span led off the eighth with a double off Pedro Strop ( 1 - 4 ) and scored on Ryan Zimmerman 's two - out single to right . Ryan Sweeney followed with a single , but Rafael Schierholtz was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second	False
The Cubs took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Starlin Castro 's sacrifice fly . Washington tied it in the seventh	True
Washington tied it in the bottom of the inning on Ryan Zimmerman 's two - out RBI single off Drew Storen , who was making his major league debut . Storen gave up a run - scoring single to Ryan Zimmerman in the eighth	True
Storen gave up a run - scoring single to Ryan Zimmerman in the eighth , but the Cubs could n't hold the lead . Washington had runners on first	False
Storen gave up a run - scoring single to Ryan Zimmerman in the eighth , but the Cubs could n't hold the lead . Washington had runners on first and second	False
Storen gave up a run - scoring single to Ryan Zimmerman in the eighth , but the Cubs could n't hold the lead . Washington had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
Washington had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Brian Desmond grounded into a double play to end the threat . Washington tied it in the bottom of the seventh	False
He struck out eight and walked one . Addison Reed pitched the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out two . Paul Goldschmidt put the Diamondbacks ahead 2 - 0 in the third	True
Paul Goldschmidt put the Diamondbacks ahead 2 - 0 in the third with a two - run homer off Alex Wood . Atlanta cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the fourth	True
Chris Johnson 's RBI single in the fourth cut the lead to 2 - 1 . Chris Johnson 's RBI single in the fourth cut the lead to 2 - 1 , but Goldschmidt hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Chris Johnson 's RBI single in the fourth cut the lead to 2 - 1 , but Goldschmidt hit a two - run homer in the third to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 0 lead . Goldschmidt hit a two - run homer off Wood in the third	True
Chris Johnson 's RBI single in the fourth cut the lead to 2 - 1 , but Goldschmidt hit a two - run homer in the third to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 0 lead . Goldschmidt hit a two - run homer off Wood in the third , his 14th	False
Goldschmidt hit a two - run homer off Wood in the third , his 14th of the season . Arizona cut the lead to 2 - 1 in the fourth	True
Goldschmidt 's homer in the third gave the Diamondbacks a 2 - 0 lead . Goldschmidt hit a two - run homer off Wood in the third	True
Goldschmidt 's homer in the third gave the Diamondbacks a 2 - 0 lead . Goldschmidt hit a two - run homer off Wood in the third , his third	False
He struck out four and walked two . Calhoun homered in the seventh	True
Calhoun homered in the seventh off David Martinez to make it 4 - 1 . The Angels added a run in the eighth	True
The Angels added a run in the eighth on Howie Kendrick 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . Howie Kendrick drove in a run with a bases - loaded grounder in the eighth	True
The Angels added a run in the eighth on Howie Kendrick 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . Howie Kendrick drove in a run with a bases - loaded grounder in the eighth , and Carlos Corporan drove in a run with an infield hit in the eighth	True
Howie Kendrick drove in a run with a bases - loaded grounder in the eighth , and Carlos Corporan drove in a run with an infield hit in the eighth . Corporan had an RBI single in the seventh	True
The Marlins have won five of six and are 5 - 1 against St. Louis this season . Christian Yelich hit a three - run homer in the sixth	True
He walked three and struck out one . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Yelich 's two - out , three - run homer off Andrew Heaney . Yelich hit a three - run homer in the sixth	True
Yelich hit a three - run homer in the sixth to make it 4 - 1 . Craig hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Craig hit a solo homer in the fourth to make it 5 - 1 . Craig hit a two - out solo homer in the fourth	True
Craig hit a two - out solo homer in the fourth to make it 5 - 1 . Craig hit a two - out solo homer in the fourth	False
Craig hit a two - out solo homer in the fourth to make it 5 - 1 . Craig hit a two - out solo homer in the fourth	False
Craig hit a two - out solo homer in the fourth to make it 5 - 1 . Craig hit a two - out homer in the fourth	True
MIAMI -- The Philadelphia Phillies had a chance to score in the bottom of the ninth inning on a wild pitch by Steve Cishek ( 4 - 4 ) , and the Phillies rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . The Phillies took a 4 - 3 lead in the eighth	True
Jimmy Rollins drove in the go - ahead run with a fielder 's choice , and Casey McGehee had an RBI groundout . Jake Diekman ( 3 - 2 ) gave up two runs in the eighth	True
Jake Diekman ( 3 - 2 ) gave up two runs in the eighth to get the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Phillies scored three runs in the sixth	True
Rupp 's two - out , two - run double in the sixth gave the Phillies a 3 - 2 lead . The Marlins tied it in the eighth	False
He struck out eight and walked one . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out six and walked two . Enrique Hernandez hit a solo home run in the fifth	True
Enrique Hernandez hit a solo home run in the fifth for the Astros , who have lost five of six . Logan Morrison hit a two - run double and Kyle Seager had a two - run double in the sixth	True
Logan Morrison hit a two - run double and Kyle Seager had a two - run double in the sixth to push the lead to 5 - 2 . Logan Morrison hit a two - run double and John Buck added an RBI single in the sixth	True
Logan Morrison hit a two - run double and John Buck added an RBI single in the sixth to push the lead to 5 - 2 . Marwin Gonzalez hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
He struck out two , walked one and threw a wild pitch . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Morrison 's two - run double and a two - run double by Kyle Seager . The Astros took a 4 - 2 lead in the sixth	True
The Astros took a 4 - 2 lead in the sixth on a two - run double by Kyle Seager and a two - run double by Logan Morrison . Houston added a run in the seventh	True
Harper hit two of Seattle 's four home runs , including a solo shot in the fourth inning , and the Mariners beat the Washington Nationals 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Harper hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the fourth	True
Harper hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the fourth to give the Mariners a 4 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Harper , who hit a two - run shot off Tanner Roark ( 12 - 9 ) to give the Mariners a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth	True
He struck out six and walked none . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Harper hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the fourth	True
The Mariners have lost four of five . Ackley had an RBI single in the third	True
The Mariners have lost four of five . Ackley had an RBI single in the third and a three - run homer in the fifth	True
It was his first home run since May 21 , a span of 69 at - bats . Harper hit a solo homer in the third inning and added a solo shot in the fourth	True
He struck out five and walked two . Jose Abreu had an RBI single in the third	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Jose Abreu 's RBI single in the third gave the Indians a 1 - 0 lead . The White Sox tied it in the third	True
The White Sox tied it in the third on Jason Kipnis ' two - out RBI single . The White Sox tied it in the sixth	True
The White Sox tied it in the sixth . Alexei Ramirez led off with a single , stole second	False
The White Sox tied it in the sixth . Alexei Ramirez led off with a single , stole second and went to third	False
Michael Brantley followed with an RBI single to make it 3 - 1 . The White Sox tied it in the seventh	True
The White Sox tied it in the seventh on Adam Eaton 's two - out single and Dayan Viciedo 's sacrifice bunt . The White Sox had runners on first	False
The White Sox tied it in the seventh on Adam Eaton 's two - out single and Dayan Viciedo 's sacrifice bunt . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
The White Sox tied it in the seventh on Adam Eaton 's two - out single and Dayan Viciedo 's sacrifice bunt . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
Freddy Galvis hit a two - run homer for the Nationals , who have lost five of six . Asdrubal Cabrera hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit a solo homer in the eighth for the Nationals , who have lost five of six . Ken Giles ( 3 - 1 ) struck out the side in the eighth	True
Ken Giles ( 3 - 1 ) struck out the side in the eighth for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Phillies have lost three straight and six of seven . Tyler Clippard ( 7 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing a run in the eighth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Nationals took a 2 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
It was the first homer allowed by Hamels this season . Wilson Ramos ' RBI single in the seventh cut it to 3 - 2 , but Ruf hit a solo homer in the eighth	False
Wilson Ramos ' RBI single in the seventh cut it to 3 - 2 , but Ruf hit a solo homer in the eighth to make it 3 - all . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
He walked two and struck out four . Toronto 's Jose Reyes led off the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out four . Toronto 's Jose Reyes led off the ninth with a single , stole second	False
Cespedes followed with an RBI single , and Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - out , two - run double off Koji Uehara ( 6 - 4 ) . Koji Uehara ( 6 - 4 ) got the final two outs in the ninth	True
Derek Jeter had a pair of RBI singles and Mike Moustakas hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the third inning off James Shields ( 12 - 7 ) . Ellsbury had three hits , including a two - run homer in the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out three . The Yankees scored in the third	True
He walked three and struck out three . The Yankees scored in the third when Ichiro Suzuki led off with a single , stole second	False
It was the first home run allowed by Shields this season . The Yankees added a run in the seventh	True
The Yankees added a run in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Brian McCann . Ellsbury added a two - run homer in the ninth	False
DENVER -- Nolan Arenado and Michael McKenry helped the Colorado Rockies to a 7 - 4 victory over the Miami Marlins on Tuesday night . Arenado hit a two - run homer in the first inning and McKenry connected in the second	True
It was McKenry 's first home run of the season . He also drew a bases - loaded walk in the second	True
He also drew a bases - loaded walk in the second . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Nolan Arenado , who was hit by a pitch from Brad Hand ( 2 - 6 ) . McKenry hit a solo homer in the first	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Nolan Arenado , who was hit by a pitch from Brad Hand ( 2 - 6 ) . McKenry hit a solo homer in the first , his first	False
McKenry hit a solo homer in the first , his first of the season . The Rockies took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
He walked three and struck out three . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out one and walked two . LaTroy Hawkins pitched the ninth	True
LaTroy Hawkins pitched the ninth for his 20th save in 22 chances . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Brian McCann hit a three - run homer with two outs in the bottom of the 10th inning , lifting the Yankees to a 7 - 4 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Carlos Beltran drew a one - out walk in the 10th	True
Carlos Beltran walked to load the bases and McCann hit a 1 - 1 pitch into the right - field seats for his first career game - ending homer . David Huff ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
The right - hander struck out seven and walked three . Conor Gillaspie hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Matt Carpenter drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the 12th inning , and the Cardinals beat the Phillies 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Matt Carpenter had a two - run single in the eighth	True
Matt Carpenter drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the 12th inning , and the Cardinals beat the Phillies 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Matt Carpenter had a two - run single in the eighth and Marlon Byrd had a two - run single off Ken Giles ( 2 - 1 ) to give the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead in the eighth	True
Matt Carpenter had a two - run single in the eighth and Marlon Byrd had a two - run single off Ken Giles ( 2 - 1 ) to give the Cardinals a 5 - 2 lead in the eighth . Trevor Rosenthal pitched a perfect 12th	True
Trevor Rosenthal pitched a perfect 12th for his 38th save in 41 tries . The Phillies scored three runs in the sixth	True
Carlos Ruiz had a two - run double and Jhonny Peralta homered for the Cardinals , who have won five of six . Howard hit his 22nd homer in the sixth	True
Howard hit his 22nd homer in the sixth to cut the Phillies ' lead to 5 - 3 . The Phillies tied it at 5 in the eighth	False
Seth Maness ( 5 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Randy Choate gave up a two - run single to Matt Carpenter in the eighth	True
Randy Choate gave up a two - run single to Matt Carpenter in the eighth , but the Phillies rallied in the bottom half . Daniel Descalso led off with a walk and went to third	False
Chase Utley reached on a one - out single and scored on Matt Carpenter 's sacrifice fly . The Phillies tied it at 5 on Ryan Howard 's solo homer in the sixth	True
They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Mets scored in the third	True
He struck out four and walked one . Jonathan Papelbon pitched the ninth	True
Seattle took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Logan Morrison 's RBI double and Ben Revere 's run - scoring groundout . The Phillies tied it in the fourth	True
The Phillies tied it in the fourth on Jimmy Rollins ' two - out double and a run - scoring single by Logan Morrison . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Marlon Byrd 's RBI single . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Marlon Byrd 's RBI single . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Kyle Seager walked , stole second	False
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Kyle Seager walked , stole second and scored on Marlon Byrd 's two - out single . The Phillies tied it in the fourth	True
The Phillies tied it in the fourth on an RBI double by Logan Morrison and a run - scoring single by Chase Utley . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Desmond 's two - run single in the third gave the Nationals a 6 - 1 lead . Werth had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth	True
It was the first game - ending homer of the season for Stubbs , who hit a three - run homer in the ninth inning to give the Rockies a 9 - 3 win over the Reds on Tuesday night . Stubbs had three hits , including a three - run homer off J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 9 ) in the ninth	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run homer by Charlie Blackmon and a solo shot by Kristopher Negron . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Carp 's pinch - hit single in the bottom of the ninth gave the Rangers a 2 - 1 lead , and Adam Rosales followed with an RBI single to tie the game . Street ( 1 - 1 ) came on in the bottom of the ninth	False
Street ( 1 - 1 ) came on in the bottom of the ninth and gave up a single to Adrian Beltre , who scored on a single by Adam Rosales . Street ( 1 - 1 ) came on in the bottom of the ninth	False
Adam Rios followed with an RBI single to tie the game at 2 , and Carp drove a 2 - 0 pitch into the left - field seats . Neftali Feliz ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked four and struck out one . The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Cardinals have won four of their last five games . Pat Neshek worked the ninth	True
Kolten Wong had an RBI single and Will Venable an RBI double to cut the deficit to 3 - 1 . Jhonny Peralta had a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the first	True
Kolten Wong had an RBI single and Will Venable an RBI double to cut the deficit to 3 - 1 . Jhonny Peralta had a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the first and a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the fourth	True
It was the first time this season the Padres had scored at least three runs in a game . The Padres scored twice in the first	True
The Padres scored twice in the first on a run - scoring double by Matt Adams and a run - scoring double by Kolten Wong . The Padres added a run in the fourth	True
The Padres added a run in the fourth on an RBI double by Will Venable and a run - scoring single by Jhonny Peralta . San Diego cut the lead to 3 - 1 in the fifth	True
He walked three and struck out three . Addison Reed pitched a perfect ninth	True
Cliff Pennington and Aaron Hill hit back - to - back home runs in the first inning to give the Marlins a 2 - 0 lead . Hill hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and Garrett Jones drove in a run with a single in the fourth	True
Mark Trumbo led off with a double and scored on Giancarlo Stanton 's single . Hill followed with a two - run homer , his third	False
Christian Yelich led off with a double and scored on a single by Garrett Jones , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . Hill hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Nick Castellanos and Alex Avila also homered for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Nick Hardy hit a go - ahead triple in the fifth	True
Nick Castellanos and Alex Avila also homered for the Tigers , who have won four of five . Nick Hardy hit a go - ahead triple in the fifth , and Victor Martinez added a two - run single in the seventh	True
He struck out four and walked one . Travis Snider hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Jordy Mercer 's triple and Russell Martin 's RBI double . Castellanos hit a two - out triple in the third	True
The right - hander struck out eight and walked two . Joaquin Benoit pitched the ninth	True
He struck out a season - high nine and walked two . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Charlie Blackmon 's RBI single . Rene Rivera 's RBI single tied the game at 1 in the third	True
Rene Rivera 's RBI single tied the game at 1 in the third . The Padres tied the game at 1 in the third	True
The Padres tied the game at 1 in the third on Justin Morneau 's RBI double and a two - run homer by Rymer Liriano . The Padres tied the game at 1 in the third	False
The Padres tied the game at 1 in the third on Yasmani Grandal 's sacrifice fly . LeMahieu led off the fifth	True
LeMahieu led off the fifth with a home run to left - center off Tyler Matzek ( 2 - 8 ) . It was LeMahieu 's fourth	False
LeMahieu led off the fifth with a home run to left - center off Tyler Matzek ( 2 - 8 ) . It was LeMahieu 's fourth of the season and second	False
It was LeMahieu 's fourth of the season and second in two games . The Padres tied the game at 3 in the fifth	True
It was the second time this season the Rockies have hit back - to - back home runs . Colorado tied the game at 1 in the third	True
He walked two and struck out six . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
He walked two and struck out six . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Emilio Bonifacio led off with a single , stole second	False
Justin Upton 's RBI single in the bottom half gave the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Puig 's two - base throwing error and Crawford 's RBI single . Crawford had an RBI single in the sixth	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Puig 's two - base throwing error and Crawford 's RBI single . Crawford had an RBI single in the sixth and a run - scoring single in the eighth	False
Texas took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Jason Castro and a sacrifice fly by Chris Carter . The Rangers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Rangers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Alex Rios and a sacrifice fly by Elvis Andrus . Beltre led off the sixth	True
Beltre led off the sixth with a solo homer to make it 6 - 2 . Choo led off the seventh	True
He struck out six and walked two . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI fielder 's choice by Jason Castro . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Chris Carter . Texas took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	False
Texas took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Jason Castro and a run - scoring single by Elvis Andrus . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	False
He struck out five and walked one . Adam Warren ( 2 - 5 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win and Blaine Hardy gave up a run - scoring single to Brian McCann in the eighth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly , but the Tigers tied it in the bottom half on Chase Headley 's second homer of the season . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly , but the Tigers tied it in the bottom half on Chase Headley 's second homer of the season . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jacoby Ellsbury led off with a single , stole second	False
He struck out eight and walked one . New York 's Mark Teixeira hit an RBI single off Blaine Hardy in the eighth	True
He struck out eight and walked one . New York 's Mark Teixeira hit an RBI single off Blaine Hardy in the eighth , and McCann added a run - scoring infield hit in the eighth	True
New York 's Mark Teixeira hit an RBI single off Blaine Hardy in the eighth , and McCann added a run - scoring infield hit in the eighth to make it 3 - 1 . Shane Greene ( 1 - 1 ) got the last out in the eighth	False
SAN DIEGO -- San Diego 's Will Venable hit a game - ending RBI single with one out in the 12th inning , lifting the San Diego Padres to a 3 - 2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Yangervis Solarte drew a one - out walk from Kimbrel ( 0 - 3 ) in the 12th	True
The Braves tied it at 1 in the bottom half on a two - out single by Chris Johnson . The Braves tied it at 1 in the bottom of the seventh	True
The Braves tied it at 1 in the bottom of the seventh on a two - out single by Tommy Medica . The Braves tied it at 1 in the bottom of the seventh	False
The Braves tied it at 1 in the bottom of the seventh on an RBI single by Chris Johnson . The Braves tied it at 1 in the bottom of the seventh	False
The Braves tied it at 1 in the bottom of the seventh on Chris Rivera 's two - out single . The Braves tied the game at 1 in the bottom of the seventh	False
The right - hander struck out six and walked two . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
Scott Atchison ( 4 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
Guthrie ( 7 - 9 ) allowed three hits , struck out six and walked two . Greg Holland pitched the ninth	True
The A 's have lost five of their last six games . Ibanez hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Emilio Bonifacio led off the game with a home run and Freddie Freeman drove in a run with a single to give the Braves a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Emilio Bonifacio led off the game with a home run and Freddie Freeman drove in a run with a single to give the Braves a 2 - 0 lead in the first . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Phil Gosselin 's two - out walk and Freddie Freeman 's RBI single . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Chris Johnson led off with a single , stole second	False
The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Chris Johnson led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
He struck out seven and walked one . The Phillies jumped on Hamels for two runs in the first	True
Freddy Galvis led off with a double and scored on Freddie Freeman 's two - out single to right . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Bonifacio 's leadoff homer and Freddie Freeman 's RBI single . Bonifacio led off the game with a single , stole second	False
The Twins have won four of five . Escobar hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run single in the fifth	True
Escobar hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run single in the fifth to give the Twins a 6 - 1 lead . Escobar hit a two - out , two - run homer in the eighth	True
It was the first time the Twins had scored at least six runs in a game this season . Escobar hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth	True
Escobar hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth . Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth	False
Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth . Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth	False
Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth . Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth	False
Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth . Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth	False
Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth . Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth	False
Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth . Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth	False
Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth . Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth	False
Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth . Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth	False
Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth . Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth	False
Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth . Escobar hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Escobar hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the fifth . Escobar hit a two - run homer in the eighth , and Escobar added a sacrifice fly in the eighth	False
PHILADELPHIA -- Jonathan Papelbon got the last three outs for his 39th save of the season and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Atlanta Braves 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Marlon Byrd drove in the go - ahead run with a groundout in the seventh inning , and Chris Johnson hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Freddie Freeman and a run - scoring single by Justin Upton . Johnson hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Freddy Galvis hit an RBI single in the bottom half to cut it to 4 - 2 . Ben Revere drove in a run with a fielder 's choice grounder in the sixth	True
Ben Revere drove in a run with a fielder 's choice grounder in the sixth . Luis Garcia ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless sixth	True
Justin Upton 's RBI single in the first gave the Braves a 2 - 0 lead . Johnson hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Johnson 's two - run homer in the fourth made it 2 - 0 . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
DETROIT -- Victor Martinez and Miguel Cabrera hit back - to - back home runs in the fourth inning , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Victor Martinez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Miguel Cabrera added a solo shot in the fourth	True
He struck out nine and walked four . Joe Nathan pitched a perfect ninth	True
Victor Martinez hit a two - run homer in the first inning for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Joe Mauer hit a two - run double in the fifth	True
The Twins have scored only 10 runs in their last six games . Minnesota 's Torii Hunter extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first	True
Minnesota 's Torii Hunter extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first . He was replaced by Eugenio Suarez in the fifth	True
Salvador Perez 's two - run double in the fifth gave the Royals a 5 - 0 lead . Omar Infante hit a two - run double in the fourth	True
Salvador Perez 's two - run double in the fifth gave the Royals a 5 - 0 lead . Omar Infante hit a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fifth	False
Salvador Perez 's two - run double in the seventh gave the Royals a 7 - 0 lead . Kansas City added a run in the eighth	True
He walked three and struck out five . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jose Reyes led off with a double and scored on Cano 's two - out single . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Encarnacion hit a two - out RBI single , and Pompey led off the bottom half with his first home run of the season . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
He struck out five and walked two . Chris Parmelee had a two - run single in the second	True
Chris Parmelee had a two - run single in the second for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Inciarte had a career - high four hits , including a two - out RBI single in the ninth	True
Inciarte had a career - high four hits , including a two - out RBI single in the ninth . Inciarte had a career - high four hits , including a run - scoring single in the ninth	False
Inciarte had a career - high four hits , including a run - scoring single in the ninth . He had a run - scoring single in the ninth	False
He struck out two and walked one . Steve Cishek pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Phillies scored twice in the fourth	True
He struck out two and walked one . The Phillies scored twice in the fourth	True
It was Castillo 's second career game - ending homer . Zac Rosscup ( 1 - 0 ) struck out two in a perfect 10th	True
He struck out four and walked one . Matt Szczur hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
The right - hander struck out eight and walked two . The Cardinals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Cardinals took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring groundout by Jon Jay and a two - run homer by Matt Szczur . The Cardinals tied it at 3 in the sixth	True
The Cardinals tied it at 3 in the sixth on a two - run homer by Matt Holliday , but the Cardinals tied it in the bottom half on Jon Jay 's RBI groundout and Castillo 's two - run homer . The Cardinals tied it at 3 in the sixth	False
The Cardinals tied it at 3 in the sixth on a two - run homer by Matt Holliday , but the Cardinals tied it in the bottom half on Jon Jay 's RBI groundout and Castillo 's two - run homer . The Cardinals tied it at 3 in the sixth on a two - run homer by Matt Szczur , his third	False
The Cardinals tied it at 3 in the sixth on a two - run homer by Matt Szczur , his third of the season . The Cubs tied it at 3 in the sixth	False
Mike Zunino hit a three - run homer , Taijuan Walker pitched effectively into the sixth inning and the Mariners beat the Houston Astros 10 - 5 on Tuesday night . Kyle Seager hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and Dustin Ackley added a solo shot in the eighth	True
Houston scored in the first inning on a two - out RBI single by Dexter Fowler . The Mariners added a run in the fifth	True
The Mariners added a run in the fifth on an RBI single by Jake Marisnick and a run - scoring single by Jonathan Villar . Ackley led off the eighth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ackley , who hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning Friday night to give the Mariners a 7 - 2 win over the Astros . Ackley hit a solo homer in the third inning and added a solo shot in the eighth	True
Ackley hit a solo homer in the third inning and added a solo shot in the eighth . It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first	False
It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Zunino hit a three - run homer in the fourth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Walker in his last five starts . The Mariners added a run in the fifth	True
He struck out four and walked none . The Nationals scored three runs in the fourth	True
The Nationals scored three runs in the fourth to take a 6 - 1 lead . Anthony Rendon led off with a single , stole second	False
He walked none and struck out four . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Wilson Ramos and a run - scoring single by Kevin Frandsen . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Asdrubal Cabrera and a run - scoring double by Wilson Ramos . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The right - hander struck out seven and walked none . Mark Melancon pitched the ninth	True
Marte 's solo homer in the fifth made it 3 - 1 . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Travis Snider drew a one - out walk and scored on a single by Chris Stewart . The Red Sox tied it in the third	True
The Red Sox tied it in the third on a sacrifice fly by Xander Bogaerts . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox tied it in the third on a sacrifice fly by Xander Bogaerts . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Travis Snider walked , stole second	False
The Red Sox tied it in the third on a sacrifice fly by Xander Bogaerts . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Travis Snider walked , stole second , took third	False
Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Travis Snider walked , stole second , took third on a wild pitch and scored on Ike Davis ' bases - loaded walk . Pittsburgh took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
He walked four and struck out six . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Ryan Kalish and a run - scoring double by Yorman Rodriguez . The Cubs tied it in the second	True
It was the first home run Sale has allowed in his past 10 starts . The White Sox added a run in the seventh	True
Barmes hit a two - run double and Josh Harrison followed with a run - scoring single to make it 4 - 0 . Walker led off the third	True
Barmes hit a two - run double and Josh Harrison followed with a run - scoring single to make it 4 - 0 . Walker led off the third with his 19th homer of the season and second	False
Walker led off the third with his 19th homer of the season and second in two days . Davis hit a three - run shot in the fifth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Liriano in his last five starts . Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Buchholz in his last five starts . Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Philadelphia 's Cody Asche was ejected by plate umpire Angel Campos after he was called out on a close play at first base in the second inning . The Padres had runners on first	False
Philadelphia 's Cody Asche was ejected by plate umpire Angel Campos after he was called out on a close play at first base in the second inning . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
Philadelphia 's Cody Asche was ejected by plate umpire Angel Campos after he was called out on a close play at first base in the second inning . The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the second	True
The Padres had runners on first and second with one out in the second , but Cashner retired the next two batters to end the threat . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
NEW YORK -- Jacob deGrom struck out a career - high 13 in seven innings , and the Miami Marlins beat the New York Mets 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Jacob deGrom struck out 13 in seven innings and Travis d'Arnaud hit a tiebreaking double in the seventh	True
Jacob deGrom struck out 13 in seven innings and Travis d'Arnaud hit a tiebreaking double in the seventh to give the Marlins a 6 - 5 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Wilmer Flores hit a two - run double in the first	True
Jacob deGrom struck out 13 in seven innings and Travis d'Arnaud hit a tiebreaking double in the seventh to give the Marlins a 6 - 5 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Wilmer Flores hit a two - run double in the first , and Jordany Valdespin had a two - run single in the seventh	True
Adeiny Hechavarria had a two - run single off A. J. Ramos , and Jeff Mathis followed with an RBI single to make it 6 - 5 . Murphy ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing four hits and three runs in one - third	True
Murphy ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing four hits and three runs in one - third of an inning . Sam Dyson ( 3 - 1 ) got the final out in the seventh	True
Sam Dyson ( 3 - 1 ) got the final out in the seventh for the win . Steve Cishek pitched a perfect ninth	True
New York took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on Wilmer Flores ' two - out , two - run double . New York took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
New York took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Wilmer Flores ' two - out , two - run double . Wilmer Flores hit a two - run double in the first	True
Wilmer Flores hit a two - run double in the first to give the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . New York took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
New York took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out , two - run single by Travis d'Arnaud and a two - run double by Wilmer Flores . New York tied it in the seventh	True
PHOENIX -- Mark Trumbo hit a three - run homer in the third inning , and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the San Francisco Giants 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Trumbo hit a three - run homer off Ryan Vogelsong ( 8 - 11 ) in the third inning and added a two - out RBI single in the seventh	True
He struck out five and walked four . The Giants scored a run in the seventh	True
The Giants scored a run in the seventh on Buster Posey 's run - scoring single off Juan Gutierrez , who gave up a run - scoring double to Cliff Pennington and a run - scoring double to Joe Panik . Evan Marshall gave up a run - scoring triple to Brandon Crawford in the seventh	True
The Giants scored a run in the seventh on Buster Posey 's run - scoring single off Juan Gutierrez , who gave up a run - scoring double to Cliff Pennington and a run - scoring double to Joe Panik . Evan Marshall gave up a run - scoring triple to Brandon Crawford in the seventh , and Evan Marshall gave up a run - scoring triple to A. J. Pollock in the eighth	False
Evan Marshall gave up a run - scoring triple to Brandon Crawford in the seventh , and Evan Marshall gave up a run - scoring triple to A. J. Pollock in the eighth . The Diamondbacks had runners on first	False
Evan Marshall gave up a run - scoring triple to Brandon Crawford in the seventh , and Evan Marshall gave up a run - scoring triple to A. J. Pollock in the eighth . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second	False
Evan Marshall gave up a run - scoring triple to Brandon Crawford in the seventh , and Evan Marshall gave up a run - scoring triple to A. J. Pollock in the eighth . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
The Red Sox scored 2 - 0 in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Yoenis Cespedes and a run - scoring double by Salvador Perez . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Norichika Aoki and a run - scoring double by Alex Gordon . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Alcides Escobar led off with a single , stole second	False
Villar hit a tiebreaking single with two outs in the ninth inning and the Astros beat the Seattle Mariners 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jonathan Villar added a two - out RBI single off Yoervis Medina ( 4 - 3 ) to give the Astros a 2 - 1 lead in the ninth	True
He struck out four and did not walk a batter . Josh Fields pitched the ninth	True
Josh Fields pitched the ninth for his fourth save . Yoervis Medina ( 4 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up two hits and one run in one - third	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Mariners had a chance to score in the fourth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Mariners had a chance to score in the fourth when Singleton doubled with one out and went to third	False
But McHugh struck out Kendrys Morales and Matt Seager to end the threat . The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Mariners took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth on Singleton 's two - out double to left - center that scored Jake Marisnick , who reached on a fielder 's choice . Houston went ahead 1 - 0 in the fourth	True
Singleton 's RBI double in the fourth gave Houston a 1 - 0 lead . Morrison tied it at 1 in the eighth	False
Maikel Franco drove in the go - ahead run with a single in the seventh inning and the Phillies beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Maikel Franco drove in the go - ahead run with a single off Justin Wilson ( 3 - 4 ) to give the Phillies a 4 - 3 lead in the seventh	True
Justin De Fratus ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Jonathan Papelbon pitched a scoreless ninth for his 36th save in 41 tries . Galvis had three hits , including a solo homer in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked three . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jordy Mercer 's two - out RBI double . The Pirates tied it in the second	True
The Pirates tied it in the second on Martin 's two - out , two - run double . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the second when Galvis led off with a double and scored on Jordy Mercer 's double to right - center . Galvis led off the fifth	True
Galvis led off the fifth with a double and scored on Martin 's two - out double to make it 2 - 1 . The Pirates took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
Brad Miller hit a go - ahead , three - run triple in the eighth inning and the Mariners beat the Houston Astros 4 - 1 on Tuesday night . Brad Miller hit a go - ahead , two - run triple off Mike Foltynewicz ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth	True
Brad Miller hit a go - ahead , two - run triple off Mike Foltynewicz ( 0 - 1 ) in the eighth , and Austin Jackson followed with an RBI single to give the Mariners a 4 - 1 lead . Danny Farquhar ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Danny Farquhar ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Seattle starter Felix Hernandez allowed five hits and four walks in six innings . He struck out eight , including the side in the sixth	True
He struck out eight , including the side in the sixth . The Astros had runners on second	False
He struck out eight , including the side in the sixth . The Astros had runners on second and third	False
He struck out eight , including the side in the sixth . The Astros had runners on second and third with one out in the seventh	True
The Astros had runners on second and third with one out in the seventh , but Hernandez struck out Kendrys Morales and Matt Seager to end the threat . The Astros had runners on first	False
The Astros had runners on second and third with one out in the seventh , but Hernandez struck out Kendrys Morales and Matt Seager to end the threat . The Astros had runners on first and second	False
The Astros had runners on second and third with one out in the seventh , but Hernandez struck out Kendrys Morales and Matt Seager to end the threat . The Astros had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	True
Miller had a two - run triple in the eighth inning to give the Mariners a 3 - 1 lead . Miller had a two - run triple in the eighth	True
Miller had a two - run triple in the eighth to give the Mariners a 3 - 1 lead . Miller added a two - run triple off Tony Sipp in the eighth	True
Miller added a two - run triple off Tony Sipp in the eighth to give Seattle a 3 - 1 lead . Austin Jackson added an RBI single in the eighth	False
The Pirates scored three runs in the second inning to take a 7 - 0 lead . Neil Walker hit a two - run homer in the second	True
The Pirates scored three runs in the second inning to take a 7 - 0 lead . Neil Walker hit a two - run homer in the second and Jordy Mercer hit a two - run shot in the second	True
It was the first time the Pirates had scored at least 10 runs in a game this season . Mercer hit a two - run homer in the second inning and McCutchen added a solo shot in the second	True
It was the first homer for McCutchen , who hit a two - run shot in the first inning of the Cubs ' 3 - 2 win over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday . The Pirates added two more runs in the fourth	True
The right - hander struck out seven and walked four . Brad Boxberger ( 5 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander struck out eight and walked two . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Wil Myers ' two - out RBI single . Baltimore went up 2 - 1 in the third	False
Baltimore went up 2 - 1 in the third on a sacrifice fly by Evan Longoria . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third when Ben Zobrist drew a leadoff walk and scored on Wil Myers ' two - out single . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	False
The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - out RBI single by Nelson Cruz . The Rays tied it at 1 in the third	True
The Rays tied it at 1 in the third on a two - out RBI single by Wil Myers . Baltimore went ahead 2 - 1 in the third	True
Baltimore went ahead 2 - 1 in the third when Ben Zobrist drew a leadoff walk and scored on Wil Myers ' two - out single to center . Baltimore went ahead 2 - 1 in the third	False
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Travis d'Arnaud 's two - out double and a run - scoring single by Dilson Herrera . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Frazier tied it in the bottom half with a one - out homer into the right - field seats . It was his second	False
Frazier tied it in the bottom of the inning with a one - out drive into the right - field seats on a 1 - 1 pitch from Gee . It was his second	False
Frazier tied it in the bottom of the inning with a one - out drive into the right - field seats on a 1 - 1 pitch from Gee . It was his second homer of the season and second	False
Frazier tied it in the bottom of the inning with a solo shot into the right - field seats on a 1 - 1 pitch from Gee . It was his second	False
He struck out three and walked three . Trevor Rosenthal pitched the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked one . Ryan Howard hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Odubel Herrera 's two - out RBI single . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
Juan Lagares hit a three - run double and Michael Morse followed with an RBI single to give the Marlins a 4 - 3 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Bryan Morris ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Juan Lagares hit a three - run double and Michael Morse followed with an RBI single to give the Marlins a 4 - 3 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Bryan Morris ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win , and Steve Cishek pitched a scoreless ninth	False
Bryan Morris ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win , and Steve Cishek pitched a scoreless ninth for his second save . Carlos Torres ( 1 - 1 ) walked Martin Prado with one out in the eighth	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Mets took a 3 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
Hanley Ramirez also homered for the Red Sox , who trailed 2 - 0 in the fifth inning before rallying for a 7 - 4 victory . The Red Sox took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth	True
The Red Sox took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth on a three - run homer by Brock Holt and a three - run shot by Ortiz . It was the first home run by a Red Sox player since Ortiz hit a three - run shot in the eighth	True
It was the first home run by a Red Sox player since Ortiz hit a three - run shot in the eighth off Junichi Tazawa . Koji Uehara worked the ninth	True
Koji Uehara worked the ninth for his third save . The Red Sox trailed 4 - 3 in the eighth	True
The Red Sox trailed 4 - 3 in the eighth before Chris Davis hit a solo homer off Alexi Ogando ( 1 - 0 ) , who was recalled from Triple-A Norfolk before the game . Matusz ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing an unearned run and a walk in one - third	True
Matusz ( 0 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing an unearned run and a walk in one - third of an inning . Alexi Ogando ( 1 - 0 ) got the final out in the seventh	True
Baltimore starter Miguel Gonzalez gave up four runs and eight hits in six innings , striking out one and walking one . The Orioles took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Machado hit two home runs , including a three - run shot in the ninth inning , and the Blue Jays rallied to beat the Baltimore Orioles 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Machado hit a three - run shot off Miguel Castro in the ninth	True
He walked five and struck out three . Donaldson hit a two - run shot off Tillman in the third	True
Donaldson hit a two - run shot off Tillman in the third , his second homer of the season . Donaldson hit a two - run shot in the third	True
Donaldson hit a two - run shot off Tillman in the third , his second homer of the season . Donaldson hit a two - run shot in the third , his 19th , and Pillar added a two - run double in the fourth	False
Donaldson hit a two - run shot in the third , his 19th , and Pillar added a two - run double in the fourth . Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Donaldson hit a two - run shot in the third , his 19th , and Pillar added a two - run double in the fourth . Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the third , and Russell Martin added an RBI double in the fifth	False
Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the third , and Russell Martin added an RBI double in the fifth . Machado hit a two - run homer off Miguel Castro in the ninth	False
He struck out a season - high eight and walked one . The White Sox , who have lost five of six , tied it at 2 in the bottom of the fifth	True
The White Sox , who have lost five of six , tied it at 2 in the bottom of the fifth . Kendrys Morales hit a two - run single and Jose Abreu had an RBI double off Jake Petricka ( 0 - 1 ) to tie it at 2 in the fifth	True
Alexei Ramirez 's RBI single in the fourth tied it at 1 , but the Royals tied it in the bottom half on Eric Hosmer 's two - out , two - run single . Hosmer had three hits , including a two - run single in the first	True
Alexei Ramirez 's RBI single in the fourth tied it at 1 , but the Royals tied it in the bottom half on Eric Hosmer 's two - out , two - run single . Hosmer had three hits , including a two - run single in the first and a two - run single in the fifth	True
Hosmer had three hits , including a two - run single in the first and a two - run single in the fifth . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
A. Happ pitched into the eighth inning and the Seattle Mariners beat the Houston Astros 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Mike Zunino hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot off Fausto Carmona ( 0 - 2 ) in the third inning and a solo shot in the seventh	True
Mike Zunino hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot off Fausto Carmona ( 0 - 2 ) in the third inning and a solo shot in the seventh . Chris Carter homered off Happ in the seventh	True
He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Pelfrey ( 1 - 0 ) allowed five hits , struck out four and walked two in his first start of the season . Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth	True
Jose Bautista hit a two - run homer and Ryan Goins had a two - run single for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . The Blue Jays jumped on Norris for three runs in the second	True
The Blue Jays scored six runs in the second inning , including a two - run single by Manny Machado and a two - run single by Kevin Pillar . The Blue Jays added three more in the third	True
It was the second multihomer game of the season for the Blue Jays , who have scored 10 runs in their past three games . The Blue Jays scored six runs in the second	True
The right - hander struck out six and walked one . Mark Melancon pitched the ninth	True
Cron hit a two - run homer , Scott Feldman pitched six solid innings and the Houston Astros beat the Los Angeles Angels 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Cron hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and Albert Pujols added a solo shot in the eighth	True
The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in four of his five starts this season . Luke Gregerson pitched a perfect ninth	True
Cron followed with a two - run homer to left field to make it 2 - 2 . The Astros added a run in the fifth	True
He struck out four and walked two . Trevor Rosenthal pitched the ninth	True
Upton hit a go - ahead homer in the eighth inning and the Padres beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Justin Upton hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Justin Upton hit a solo homer in the eighth off Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) to give the Padres a 3 - 2 lead . Justin Benoit ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Justin Benoit ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth	True
Anderson allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings , struck out five and walked one . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Matt Kemp and a double by Yonder Alonso . Arizona tied it in the bottom of the second	True
The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Matt Kemp and a double by Yonder Alonso . Arizona tied it in the bottom of the second on Goldschmidt 's two - run homer , his third	False
The Padres tied it at 2 in the bottom of the inning on Matt Kemp 's sacrifice fly . Upton hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
It was his third home run of the season . Arizona tied it at 2 in the sixth	True
The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked two . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Carlos Santana 's RBI single . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a run - scoring groundout by Michael Bourn and a run - scoring groundout by A. J. Shuck . Chicago took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
Chicago took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Lonnie Chisenhall . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI single by A. J. Shuck . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a run - scoring groundout by JB Shuck . The White Sox made it 4 - 0 in the fifth	True
The White Sox made it 4 - 0 in the fifth . Jason Kipnis drew a leadoff walk and scored from first	False
The Reds have won five of six . Soler hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Chris Coghlan had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in a run for the Reds . Hector Rondon ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 10th	True
The Reds took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Todd Frazier and a run - scoring single by Jay Bruce . The Reds took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Reds took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Brandon Phillips and a run - scoring single by Marlon Byrd . The Cubs jumped ahead 3 - 0 in the first	True
The Cubs jumped ahead 3 - 0 in the first on a run - scoring single by Jay Bruce and a run - scoring single by Todd Frazier . The Reds took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Reds took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Zack Cozart and a run - scoring single by Jay Bruce . The Reds took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	False
Cabrera went 4 - for - 4 with two homers and four RBIs , and Kyle Lobstein ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three runs in five innings for his first major league win . Joakim Soria pitched the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out two . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added an RBI single in the second	True
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added an RBI single in the second . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added an RBI single in the second . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and added an RBI single in the second	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and added an RBI single in the second . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and added an RBI single in the second . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and added an RBI single in the second	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and added an RBI single in the second . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and added an RBI single in the second . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and added an RBI single in the second	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and added an RBI single in the second . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and added an RBI single in the second . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and added an RBI single in the second	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and added an RBI single in the second . He hit a two - run homer in the first	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and added an RBI single in the second . He hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the fourth	False
He hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the fourth . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first	False
He hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the fourth . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and added an RBI single in the second	False
Cabrera 's solo homer in the fourth made it 7 - 3 and chased House , who was called up from Triple-A Columbus earlier in the day . Cabrera led off the fourth	True
Cabrera led off the fourth with a homer to make it 7 - 3 . It was Cabrera 's second multihomer game of the season and the first	False
It was Cabrera 's second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first	True
It was Cabrera 's second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the fourth	True
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the fourth to make it 7 - 3 . It was Cabrera 's second multihomer game of the season and the first	False
It was Cabrera 's second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first	True
It was Cabrera 's second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the fourth	True
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the fourth to make it 7 - 3 . It was Cabrera 's second multihomer game of the season and the first	False
It was Cabrera 's second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first	True
It was Cabrera 's second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the fourth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Cabrera , who has hit safely in 13 of his last 14 games . The Indians scored three runs in the first	True
The right - hander struck out five , walked one and hit a batter . Nicholas Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Nicholas Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Miguel Cabrera had three hits , including an RBI single in the fourth	True
Cleveland 's Miguel Cabrera had three hits , including an RBI single in the fourth . He had an RBI single in the fourth	True
Cleveland 's Miguel Cabrera had three hits , including an RBI single in the fourth . He had an RBI single in the fourth and a run - scoring single in the sixth	False
Victor Martinez had three hits and drove in a run for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Detroit 's bullpen , which has n't allowed a run in 13 innings this season , came in with the bases loaded and one out in the ninth	True
The Indians , who have the worst record in the AL , have lost six of seven . Detroit 's bullpen , which has n't allowed a run in 13 innings this season , got the first two outs in the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out one . Adrian Beltre hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the seventh	True
Adrian Beltre hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the seventh . Rougned Odor hit a solo shot in the eighth	True
Rougned Odor hit a solo shot in the eighth for the Rangers , who have won four of five . Choo hit a three - run homer off Graveman in the fourth	True
Moreland 's two - run homer in the third made it 8 - 0 , and Beltre 's solo shot off R. J. Kela in the seventh made it 9 - 0 . Odor hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Moreland 's two - run homer in the third made it 8 - 0 , and Beltre 's solo shot off R. J. Kela in the seventh made it 9 - 0 . Odor hit a solo homer in the seventh , his third	False
Arrieta ( 1 - 0 ) allowed three hits , struck out seven and walked three . Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out 10 and walked one . Mike Aviles hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter . Carlos Santana hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
He was replaced in the lineup by Hank Conger , who was placed on the 15 - day disabled list with a strained right hamstring . The Astros had a chance to score in the first	True
He struck out six , walked none and lowered his ERA to 0.00 . Trevor Rosenthal struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked two . Matt Walden pitched the eighth	True
He struck out six and walked two . Matt Walden pitched the eighth and Trevor Rosenthal struck out the side in the ninth	True
Matt Walden pitched the eighth and Trevor Rosenthal struck out the side in the ninth for his first save . St. Louis went ahead in the first	True
Matt Carpenter followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . St. Louis made it 3 - 0 in the fifth	True
St. Louis made it 3 - 0 in the fifth . Jon Jay led off with a single , stole second	False
St. Louis made it 3 - 0 in the fifth . Jon Jay led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
Johnny Giavotella hit a tiebreaking two - run single with two outs in the eighth inning , and the Angels beat the Detroit Tigers 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Johnny Giavotella 's two - out , two - run single in the eighth	True
Johnny Giavotella 's two - out , two - run single in the eighth off Joba Chamberlain gave the Angels a 4 - 2 lead . Joe Smith ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Johnny Giavotella 's two - out , two - run single in the eighth off Joba Chamberlain gave the Angels a 4 - 2 lead . Joe Smith ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win , and Huston Street worked a perfect ninth	False
He struck out five and walked four . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by James McCann . The Angels tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Erick Aybar , but the Angels tied it in the fifth	True
The Angels tied it in the bottom half on a two - out RBI single by Erick Aybar , but the Angels tied it in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Mike Trout . The Angels tied it in the sixth	True
The Angels tied it in the sixth on Giavotella 's two - out , two - run single off Joba Chamberlain . The Angels tied it in the sixth	False
The right - hander struck out a season - high 13 and walked one . Brandon Moss hit a solo homer in the second inning and Mike Zunino added a solo shot in the third	True
He struck out four and walked one . Dustin Ackley hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Dustin Ackley hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Mariners . Cody Allen pitched a perfect ninth	True
He gave up one run and two hits , struck out one and did not walk a batter . Joe Beimel pitched the eighth	True
He gave up one run and two hits , struck out one and did not walk a batter . Joe Beimel pitched the eighth and Marc Rzepczynski pitched a perfect eighth	True
He gave up one run and two hits , struck out one and did not walk a batter . Joe Beimel pitched the eighth and Marc Rzepczynski pitched a perfect eighth , and Cody Allen pitched the ninth	False
Cleveland took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Jason Kipnis ' RBI single and a run - scoring groundout by Michael Brantley . Cleveland took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
It was the second time this season the Orioles have hit back - to - back homers . Davis hit a two - run shot off Tony Sipp ( 2 - 2 ) in the seventh	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Davis , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of the Orioles ' 3 - 2 win over the Astros on Tuesday night . Davis hit a two - run shot in the seventh	True
It was the first multihomer game of his career , and his first since July 29 , 2011 , against the Los Angeles Angels . Gattis had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh	True
It was the second time this season the Orioles have hit back - to - back home runs . Davis hit a two - run shot in the seventh	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Davis , who has homered in three straight games . Davis hit a two - run shot off Ubaldo Jimenez in the seventh	True
The Orioles have won five of six and are 1 - 4 on their 10 - game homestand . Brad Brach ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Fielder hit a two - run homer off Esmil Rogers in the seventh	True
He struck out four and walked one . Fielder hit a two - run homer off Esmil Rogers in the seventh , and Didi Gregorius hit a solo shot off Anthony Bass in the seventh	True
Fielder hit a two - run homer off Esmil Rogers in the seventh , and Didi Gregorius hit a solo shot off Anthony Bass in the seventh to make it 13 - 2 . Fielder hit a two - run shot off Branden Pinder in the seventh	False
Fielder hit a two - run shot off Branden Pinder in the seventh to make it 13 - 2 . It was Fielder 's fourth homer of the season and second	False
It was Fielder 's fourth homer of the season and second in two days . He also had an RBI single in the third	True
It was Fielder 's fourth homer of the season and second in two days . He also had an RBI single in the third and a two - run homer in the seventh	True
He also had an RBI single in the third and a two - run homer in the seventh . Fielder hit a two - run shot off Branden Pinder in the seventh	True
Fielder hit a two - run shot off Branden Pinder in the seventh to make it 15 - 1 . It was Fielder 's fourth home run of the season and second	False
It was Fielder 's fourth home run of the season and second in two days . He also had an RBI single in the third	True
It was Fielder 's fourth home run of the season and second in two days . He also had an RBI single in the third and a two - run homer in the seventh	True
He also had an RBI single in the third and a two - run homer in the seventh . Carlos Corporan had an RBI double and Andrus a two - run single in the third	True
He struck out three and walked one . Harper hit a solo homer in the second inning and Ian Desmond doubled in a run in the sixth	True
Harper hit a solo homer in the second inning and Ian Desmond doubled in a run in the sixth . Drew Storen pitched the ninth	True
Washington 's Odubel Herrera hit an RBI double in the second inning . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Moss homered and drove in three runs , Carlos Carrasco pitched six solid innings and the Indians beat the Cincinnati Reds 7 - 3 on Tuesday night . Brandon Moss hit a go - ahead home run in the third inning and Brandon Moss hit a go - ahead , two - run double in the fourth	True
Brandon Moss hit a solo homer and drove in three runs for the Reds , who have lost four of five . Cincinnati took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . The White Sox had a chance to score in the first	True
Evan Gattis hit a two - run homer in the sixth inning for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Chris Carter added a two - run single in the eighth	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 2.10 ERA in his last four starts . Koji Uehara gave up Leonys Martin 's pinch - hit homer in the ninth	True
He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Ortiz and a run - scoring single by Tommy Field . Napoli led off the fourth	True
Napoli led off the fourth with a homer into the Green Monster seats . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Robinson Chirinos and a run - scoring single by Tommy Field . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Ortiz and a run - scoring single by Tommy Field . Ortiz 's homer made it 2 - 0 in the fourth	True
Hudson ( 2 - 3 ) allowed five hits , walked two and struck out two in 6 1/3 innings . Santiago Casilla pitched the ninth	True
Santiago Casilla pitched the ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances . The Dodgers had runners on first	False
Santiago Casilla pitched the ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances . The Dodgers had runners on first and second	False
Santiago Casilla pitched the ninth for his 10th save in 12 chances . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	True
HOUSTON -- Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect ninth inning for his fourth save in five chances , and the Oakland Athletics beat the Houston Astros 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Joe Marisnick singled with one out in the ninth	True
Edward Mujica ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings to get the win . Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect ninth	True
He was replaced by Joe Fields ( 0 - 1 ) , who was recalled from Triple-A Oklahoma City before the game . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Billy Butler led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Evan Gattis . Oakland tied it in the second	True
He walked five and struck out two . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Billy Butler led off with a double and scored on a single by Brett Lawrie . Oakland tied it in the second	True
Oakland tied it in the second on a sacrifice fly by Marwin Gonzalez . Oakland tied it in the second	False
Oakland tied it in the second on a two - out RBI single by Eric Sogard . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Billy Butler led off with a single and scored on a single by Brett Lawrie . Oakland tied it in the second	True
He struck out three and walked one . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth	True
Mike Napoli hit a three - run homer , Pablo Sandoval hit a two - run shot and the Red Sox beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Napoli hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a three - run shot in the fifth	True
Napoli hit a three - run homer in the first inning and added a three - run shot in the fifth to give the Red Sox a 6 - 1 lead . Napoli hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a three - run shot off Dickey in the fifth	True
Napoli hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a three - run shot off Dickey in the fifth . Sandoval hit a two - run shot off Dickey in the fifth	True
Napoli hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a three - run shot off Dickey in the fifth . Sandoval hit a two - run shot off Dickey in the fifth , his third homer of the season and second	False
Sandoval hit a two - run shot off Dickey in the fifth , his third homer of the season and second in two days . Napoli hit a three - run shot off Dickey in the first	True
He walked three and struck out three . Koji Uehara worked the ninth	True
Koji Uehara worked the ninth for his sixth save in eight chances . The Blue Jays jumped on Dickey with a four - run first	True
Ryan Braun led off the inning with a single and scored the winning run on Martin Maldonado 's single , lifting the Brewers to a 3 - 2 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Tuesday night . The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the top of the eighth	True
The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the top of the eighth . Ryan Braun led off with a single , stole second	False
He struck out three and walked two . Milwaukee 's Miguel Montero hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Michael Blazek ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning for the win . Jason Motte ( 1 - 1 ) walked Ryan Braun with one out in the 11th	True
Maldonado followed with a line drive to right - center , scoring Braun and Braun to give the Brewers a 2 - 1 lead . It was the first game - ending hit of the season for Maldonado , who had three hits , including a solo homer in the seventh	True
It was Herrera 's first career game - ending hit and his first career game - ending homer . The Brewers tied it at 1 in the eighth	True
It was Herrera 's first career game - ending hit and his first career game - ending homer . The Brewers tied it at 1 in the eighth when Adam Lind walked , stole second	False
It was Herrera 's first career game - ending hit and his first career game - ending homer . The Brewers tied it at 1 in the eighth when Adam Lind walked , stole second and went to third	False
Adam Lind walked to load the bases before Anthony Rizzo tied it with a two - out RBI double off the right - field wall . The Cubs had runners on first	False
Adam Lind walked to load the bases before Anthony Rizzo tied it with a two - out RBI double off the right - field wall . The Cubs had runners on first and second	False
Adam Lind walked to load the bases before Anthony Rizzo tied it with a two - out RBI double off the right - field wall . The Cubs had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th	True
He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Jayson Werth hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Jayson Werth hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Harper hit a three - run homer off Williams Perez in the eighth	True
Jayson Werth hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Harper hit a three - run homer off Williams Perez in the eighth , and Espinosa added a two - run shot off Williams Perez in the eighth	True
He also hit a two - run shot in the ninth inning of Thursday 's 3 - 2 win over the Braves . Harper 's second homer of the game , a three - run shot in the eighth	True
He also had a two - run shot off Williams in the ninth inning Friday night . Harper hit a three - run shot off Williams Perez in the eighth	True
Venable , who had three hits , hit a solo homer in the second inning off Jeremy Hellickson to give the Padres a 1 - 0 lead . Venable hit a solo homer in the second inning , his third	False
Venable , who had three hits , hit a solo homer in the second inning off Jeremy Hellickson to give the Padres a 1 - 0 lead . Venable hit a solo homer in the second inning , his third of the season , to give the Padres a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Venable hit a solo homer in the second inning , his third of the season , to give the Padres a 1 - 0 lead in the second . The Padres tied it in the third	True
The Padres tied it in the third on a run - scoring single by Matt Kemp and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Alexi Amarista . The Padres tied it in the fourth	True
The Padres tied it in the fourth on a run - scoring double by Justin Upton and a run - scoring groundout by Alexi Amarista . Goldschmidt led off the sixth	True
He struck out seven and walked three . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth	True
Pollock 's solo homer in the fifth made it 5 - 2 , and Owings hit a two - run shot in the bottom half to cut the lead to 5 - 3 . Myers led off the bottom half with a homer to left , his third	False
Myers led off the bottom half with a homer to left , his third of the season . The Padres tied it at 2 in the fourth	True
He struck out four and walked none . Brad Boxberger pitched the ninth	True
Justin Masterson ( 2 - 1 ) gave up four runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Longoria homered off Alexi Ogando in the eighth	True
Mookie Betts homered for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out , two - run single by Blake Swihart and a two - run single by Joey Butler . Boston took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	False
Boston took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Longoria and a two - run single by Joey Butler . Boston took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	False
Boston took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Longoria and a two - run single by Joey Butler . Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
Boston took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Xander Bogaerts and a run - scoring double by Blake Swihart . Boston took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	False
Boston took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a two - run homer by Longoria and a two - run single by Butler . Boston took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth	True
Porcello ( 3 - 2 ) allowed eight hits , struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth	True
Rays manager Joe Maddon was ejected for the second time this season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
Rays manager Joe Maddon challenged the call , but the call was overturned after a review of 1 minute , 4 seconds . The Red Sox had runners on first	False
Rays manager Joe Maddon challenged the call , but the call was overturned after a review of 1 minute , 4 seconds . The Red Sox had runners on first and second	False
Rays manager Joe Maddon challenged the call , but the call was overturned after a review of 1 minute , 4 seconds . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
It was the fourth time this season the Padres have hit back - to - back home runs . Upton had three hits , including a two - run homer in the bottom of the first	True
It was the second time this season the Padres have hit back - to - back homers . Jedd Gyorko had a pinch - hit , two - run homer in the sixth	True
He struck out seven and walked none . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Nolan Arenado and a two - run shot by Blackmon . The Rockies tied it at 2 in the fourth	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Nolan Arenado and a two - run shot by Blackmon . The Rockies tied it at 2 in the fourth on a two - run homer by Blackmon , his second	False
The Rockies tied it at 2 in the fourth on a two - run homer by Blackmon , his second of the season . The Padres tied it at 2 in the fourth	False
The Padres tied it at 2 in the fourth on a two - run homer by Justin Upton and a two - run shot by Blackmon . The Padres tied it at 5 in the fifth	True
It was Gyorko 's first pinch - hit home run of the season . Norris hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Jean Segura had a career - high four hits , Mike Fiers struck out a career - high 12 in six innings and the Brewers beat the Chicago Cubs 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Ryan Braun hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Anthony Rizzo added a solo shot in the sixth	True
The Cubs have lost four of five . Cubs starter Phil Coke got the last two outs of the sixth	True
The Cubs have lost four of five . Cubs starter Phil Coke got the last two outs of the sixth , and the Cubs had runners on first	False
The Cubs have lost four of five . Cubs starter Phil Coke got the last two outs of the sixth , and the Cubs had runners on first and second	False
Phil Coke got the final two outs of the inning . Phil Coke got two outs in the eighth	True
Phil Coke got two outs in the eighth and Edwin Jackson pitched the final two innings for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Phil Coke got the last two outs of the eighth	True
Phil Coke got two outs in the eighth and Edwin Jackson pitched the final two innings for the Brewers , who have won four of five . Phil Coke got the last two outs of the eighth and Francisco Rodriguez worked the eighth	True
Hudson ( 1 - 2 ) allowed three runs and two hits , struck out three and walked two in his longest outing of the season . Santiago Casilla got the final out in the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . Buster Posey hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Buster Posey hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Trout hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Buster Posey hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Trout hit a solo homer in the fourth , and Crawford hit his first homer of the season leading off the fourth	True
Trout hit a solo homer in the fourth , and Crawford hit his first homer of the season leading off the fourth . Pujols homered off Vinnie Pestano leading off the seventh	False
It was the first time this season the Giants have hit back - to - back home runs . Casey McGehee had three hits , including an RBI single in the fifth	True
Aoki had two hits and drove in two runs for the Angels , who have lost four of five . David Freese had an RBI single in the ninth	True
The Phillies have lost four of five . Matthew den_Dekker hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Matthew den_Dekker hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Matthew den_Dekker hit a two - run homer in the sixth	False
Matthew den_Dekker hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Matthew den_Dekker hit a two - run homer off Scherzer in the sixth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Scherzer this season . Matthew Araujo pitched the eighth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Scherzer this season . Matthew Araujo pitched the eighth and Drew Storen worked the ninth	False
Matthew Araujo pitched the eighth and Drew Storen worked the ninth for his 22nd save in 25 chances . The Phillies jumped on Harang for a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Wilson Ramos ' RBI single in the first gave the Nationals a 1 - 0 lead . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
David Ortiz hit a two - run homer , Dustin Pedroia had a tiebreaking two - run single in the sixth inning and the Red Sox beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 1 on Tuesday night . David Ortiz hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Koji Uehara pitched a perfect eighth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Koji Uehara pitched a perfect eighth , and Junichi Tazawa struck out the side in the eighth	True
Koji Uehara pitched a perfect eighth , and Junichi Tazawa struck out the side in the eighth . Junichi Tazawa struck out the side in the eighth	True
Koji Uehara pitched a perfect eighth , and Junichi Tazawa struck out the side in the eighth . Junichi Tazawa struck out the side in the eighth , Koji Uehara worked the eighth	False
The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore 's Chris Davis had an RBI single in the sixth	True
Baltimore 's Chris Davis had an RBI single in the sixth , and Mookie Betts drove in a run with a single in the bottom of the inning . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
Cervelli 's three - run homer in the fourth inning gave the Pirates a 7 - 4 lead . McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Pirates a 7 - 4 lead . Bruce homered off Arquimedes Caminero in the sixth	True
Bruce homered off Arquimedes Caminero in the sixth to make it 7 - 6 . Scahill ( 2 - 3 ) got the last two outs of the eighth	True
Scahill ( 2 - 3 ) got the last two outs of the eighth for the win . Mark Melancon struck out the side in the ninth	True
Mark Melancon struck out the side in the ninth for his 24th save in 28 opportunities . Cervelli hit a three - run homer in the fourth	True
Mark Melancon struck out the side in the ninth for his 24th save in 28 opportunities . Cervelli hit a three - run homer in the fourth and Eugenio Suarez had an RBI single in the fourth	True
Cervelli hit a three - run homer in the fourth and Eugenio Suarez had an RBI single in the fourth to make it 5 - 4 . Cervelli hit a three - run homer in the fourth	False
It was the first home run allowed by Villarreal this season . The Pirates scored three runs in the fourth	True
Billy Hamilton led off with a double and scored on Pedro Alvarez 's ground - rule double to the gap in right - center . Bruce hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Billy Hamilton led off with a double and scored on Pedro Alvarez 's ground - rule double to the gap in right - center . Bruce hit a solo homer in the sixth and McCutchen hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
It was the first home run of the season for McCutchen , who hit a three - run shot in Tuesday 's 4 - 2 win over the Reds . Cervelli hit a three - run homer in the fourth	True
It was the first home run of the season for McCutchen , who hit a three - run shot in Tuesday 's 4 - 2 win over the Reds . Cervelli hit a three - run homer in the fourth and Eugenio Suarez had an RBI single in the fourth	True
The Pirates jumped on Morton for five runs in the first inning . Bryce Harper hit a two - run homer , and Corey Hart added a two - run shot in the ninth	True
The Nationals scored five runs in the first inning off Charlie Morton ( 5 - 1 ) , who allowed a career - high nine runs and eight hits in just two - thirds of an inning . The right - hander struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fourth	True
It was his third home run of the season . The Nationals added three runs in the bottom of the first	True
The Nationals added three runs in the bottom of the first . Taylor led off with a single , stole second	False
He struck out five and walked one . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Michael McKenry . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
Blackmon 's two - out , two - run homer in the fifth made it 3 - 1 . The Rockies added a run in the seventh	False
The Rockies added a run in the seventh on Ben Paulsen 's two - out RBI single and a run - scoring groundout by Jean Segura . John Axford pitched a perfect eighth	True
He struck out five and walked three . David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked three and struck out two . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third . Jose Abreu led off with a single , stole second	False
Alexei Ramirez 's RBI grounder in the fifth gave the White Sox a 3 - 0 lead . Rougned Odor had a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the fifth	True
Rougned Odor had a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the fifth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Rougned Odor drove in a run with a fielder 's choice in the fifth	True
Rougned Odor drove in a run with a fielder 's choice in the fifth to make it 3 - 2 . Rougned Odor had a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the fifth	True
Rougned Odor had a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the fifth for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Texas went ahead 3 - 0 in the third	True
Texas went ahead 3 - 0 in the third on a run - scoring single by Ryan Rua and a run - scoring single by Rougned Odor . The Rangers went ahead 3 - 0 in the third	False
The Rangers went ahead 3 - 0 in the third on a run - scoring single by Adam LaRoche and a run - scoring single by Rougned Odor . The White Sox had runners on first	False
The Rangers went ahead 3 - 0 in the third on a run - scoring single by Adam LaRoche and a run - scoring single by Rougned Odor . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
The Rangers went ahead 3 - 0 in the third on a run - scoring single by Adam LaRoche and a run - scoring single by Rougned Odor . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
It was the third time this season the Giants have hit back - to - back home runs . Posey hit a three - run homer in the third inning , and Justin Turner added a solo shot in the eighth	True
He struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Santiago Casilla got the final out in the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked three . Posey hit a three - run homer in the third inning and added a three - run shot in the third	True
It was the first time this season the Giants hit back - to - back homers . Posey hit a three - run homer in the third inning and added a three - run shot in the third	True
It was the first time this season the Giants hit back - to - back homers . Posey hit a three - run homer in the third inning and added a three - run shot in the third	True
It was the first time the Giants had scored at least 10 runs in a game this season . Posey hit a three - run homer in the third	True
The right - hander struck out five and walked two . Carson Smith got the final out in the ninth	True
Robinson Cano 's RBI double in the sixth made it 2 - 0 . Mike Zunino led off the inning with a single and advanced to second	False
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Robinson Chirinos and Justin Turner homered in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Texas Rangers to a 3 - 2 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Tuesday night . Chirinos ' solo homer in the bottom of the ninth	False
Chirinos ' solo homer in the bottom of the ninth off Josh Ravin ( 2 - 1 ) gave the Rangers a 2 - 2 lead . Shawn Tolleson ( 2 - 1 ) got two outs in the top of the ninth	False
Shawn Tolleson ( 2 - 1 ) got two outs in the top of the ninth for the win . Justin Turner hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
The Dodgers have lost five of their last six games . Dodgers starter Chi Chi Gonzalez took a 2 - 0 lead into the ninth	True
Dodgers starter Chi Chi Gonzalez took a 2 - 0 lead into the ninth , but Justin Turner hit a two - run homer in the bottom half to tie the game 2 - all . The Rangers had runners on first	False
Dodgers starter Chi Chi Gonzalez took a 2 - 0 lead into the ninth , but Justin Turner hit a two - run homer in the bottom half to tie the game 2 - all . The Rangers had runners on first and second	False
Dodgers starter Chi Chi Gonzalez took a 2 - 0 lead into the ninth , but Justin Turner hit a two - run homer in the bottom half to tie the game 2 - all . The Rangers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
The Rangers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Gonzalez grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Dodgers had runners on first	False
The Rangers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Gonzalez grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Dodgers had runners on first and second	False
The Rangers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Gonzalez grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Gonzalez grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Dodgers had runners on first	False
The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Gonzalez grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Dodgers had runners on first and second	False
The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Gonzalez grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Gonzalez grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Dodgers had runners on first	False
The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Gonzalez grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Dodgers had runners on first and second	False
The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Gonzalez grounded into a double play to end the threat . The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	False
The Dodgers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Matt Harrison struck out Howie Kendrick to end the threat . Howie Kendrick drew a one - out walk in the eighth	True
He allowed four hits , walked one and struck out a season - high 12 . Neil Walker drew a one - out walk in the 11th	True
He allowed four hits , walked one and struck out a season - high 12 . Neil Walker drew a one - out walk in the 11th against Papelbon ( 1 - 1 ) , moved to second	False
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Eddie Rosario had a tiebreaking RBI double in the ninth inning to give the Minnesota Twins a 4 - 3 victory over the Texas Rangers on Tuesday night . Eddie Rosario had a run - scoring double in the ninth	True
Casey Fien ( 2 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Glen Perkins pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out three and walked one . The Rangers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Rangers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rangers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Dozier 's homer and Shane Robinson 's RBI triple . Martin homered in the second	True
Anderson ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one hit in seven innings , striking out two and walking one . Brad Ziegler pitched the ninth	True
The Rockies have lost four of five . Stanton hit a three - run homer in the first inning , and Jeff Baker added a solo shot in the fifth	True
The Phillies have lost six of seven . Ivan Negron doubled with two outs in the ninth	True
The Phillies have lost six of seven . Ivan Negron doubled with two outs in the ninth off Aroldis Chapman , who pitched a perfect ninth	True
Ivan Negron doubled with two outs in the ninth off Aroldis Chapman , who pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . Ivan Negron singled with one out in the ninth	True
Ivan Negron doubled with two outs in the ninth off Aroldis Chapman , who pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . Ivan Negron singled with one out in the ninth off Aroldis Chapman , who pitched a perfect ninth	False
Ivan Negron singled with one out in the ninth off Aroldis Chapman , who pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . Ivan Negron singled with one out in the ninth	False
Ivan Negron singled with one out in the ninth off Aroldis Chapman , who pitched a perfect ninth for his 12th save in 13 chances . Ivan Negron singled with one out in the ninth off Aroldis Chapman , who pitched a perfect ninth	False
The right - hander is 0 - 4 in his last six starts . Ivan Howard doubled with one out in the fourth	True
Ivan Howard doubled with one out in the fourth and scored on Pena 's single to center . Pena hit a two - out , two - run single in the seventh	True
Denard Span drove in the go - ahead run with a two - out single in the 11th inning , and the Nationals rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the New York Yankees . Tyler Moore led off the 11th	True
Blake Treinen ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Drew Storen pitched a perfect 11th	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Denard Span 's two - out RBI double . The Nationals tied it in the fifth	True
He struck out six and walked two . Trevor Plouffe hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot off Luke Hochevar in the eighth	True
Chris Heston threw a no - hitter , and the San Francisco Giants beat the New York Mets 5 - 0 on Tuesday night . Heston ( 6 - 4 ) struck out a career - high 11 and walked none in his second	True
Heston ( 6 - 4 ) struck out a career - high 11 and walked none in his second no - hitter of the season . He threw 72 of his 110 pitches for strikes in his second career shutout and second	False
He threw 72 of his 110 pitches for strikes in his second career shutout and second no - hitter of the season . Heston , who threw a no - hitter in his previous start , struck out a career - high 11 and walked none in his second	False
Heston , who threw a no - hitter in his previous start , struck out a career - high 11 and walked none in his second no - hitter of the season . He threw a career - high 110 pitches and had a pair of hits , including a two - run single in the fourth	True
He threw a career - high 110 pitches and had a pair of hits , including a two - run single in the fourth . Matt Duffy hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
He threw a career - high 110 pitches and had a pair of hits , including a two - run single in the fourth . Matt Duffy hit a solo homer in the seventh , and Joe Panik hit a solo shot in the seventh	True
Derek Norris had two hits and drove in a run for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Jim Johnson ( 2 - 3 ) pitched the eighth	True
Derek Norris had two hits and drove in a run for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Jim Johnson ( 2 - 3 ) pitched the eighth and Dale Thayer got two outs in the eighth	True
Jim Johnson ( 2 - 3 ) pitched the eighth and Dale Thayer got two outs in the eighth . Jason Grilli pitched the ninth	True
Joaquin Benoit ( 4 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up one run and two hits in one inning . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Yonder Alonso 's RBI single . Venable led off the third	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Yonder Alonso 's RBI single . Venable led off the third with his third homer of the season and second	False
Venable led off the third with his third homer of the season and second in two games . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The right - hander is 3 - 0 with a 1.00 ERA in his last four starts . Carson Smith gave up a solo homer to Yan Gomes in the ninth	True
Cleveland 's Nelson Cruz left in the eighth inning with a strained right hamstring . He was replaced by Michael Bourn , who pinch - hit in the eighth	True
Cruz left the game in the eighth inning with a strained right hamstring . He was replaced by Michael Bourn , who left the game in the eighth	True
Cleveland 's Kyle Seager went 2 - for - 2 with a pair of walks and scored a run for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Austin Morrison extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a double in the first	True
He scored on Robinson Cano 's double to right - center . Logan Morrison had an RBI double in the second	True
He struck out seven and walked two . Norris ( 2 - 4 ) gave up a solo homer to Adam Jones in the first inning and a two - run single to Travis Snider in the fourth	True
The Rockies have lost six of seven . Stanton hit a solo homer in the third	True
The Rockies have lost six of seven . Stanton hit a solo homer in the third , his first	False
Stanton 's solo shot in the third gave the Marlins a 3 - 0 lead . It was Stanton 's 19th homer of the season and second	False
It was Stanton 's 19th homer of the season and second in two games . The Rockies added a run in the fifth	True
The Rockies added a run in the fifth on a fielder 's choice grounder by Marcell Ozuna and a run - scoring double by Dee Gordon . Tulowitzki added an RBI single in the sixth	False
Nolan Arenado 's sacrifice fly in the eighth made it 6 - 2 . Ramos pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning when Manny Machado led off with a single and scored on a single by Chris Davis . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Steve Pearce 's two - out RBI single . Baltimore tied it in the fourth	True
It was Conger 's first home run of the season . The Astros tied it in the fourth	True
The Astros tied it in the fourth when Evan Gattis led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Luis Valbuena . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Chris Davis . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first	True
Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first on a two - out RBI single by Steve Pearce . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first	False
Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first on a two - out RBI single by Chris Davis . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first	False
He struck out none and walked two . The Reds took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first	True
The Reds tied it in the bottom half on Phillips ' RBI double and Billy Hamilton 's two - run single . Phillips had an RBI double in the fifth	True
The Reds tied it in the bottom half on Phillips ' RBI double and Billy Hamilton 's two - run single . Phillips had an RBI double in the fifth and a run - scoring single in the sixth	True
He walked five and struck out one . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies tied it in the bottom half on Phillips ' RBI double and a run - scoring double by Maikel Franco . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies tied it in the bottom half on Phillips ' RBI double and a run - scoring double by Maikel Franco . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
PHILADELPHIA -- Maikel Franco hit a tying three - run homer in the ninth inning and the Philadelphia Phillies rallied to beat the Cincinnati Reds 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Joey Votto hit a two - run homer off Ryan Mattheus ( 0 - 1 ) in the ninth	True
Brandon Phillips had three hits and drove in two runs for the Phillies , who have won four of five . Cody Asche led off the 11th	True
Freddy Galvis grounded into a fielder 's choice to end the inning . The Reds had runners on first	False
Freddy Galvis grounded into a fielder 's choice to end the inning . The Reds had runners on first and second	False
Freddy Galvis grounded into a fielder 's choice to end the inning . The Reds had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th	True
Reds starter Mike Leake struck out a season - high nine in eight innings , allowing two runs and three hits with two walks and a season - high nine strikeouts . The Phillies scored two runs in the ninth	True
The Phillies scored two runs in the ninth off Aroldis Chapman , who blew his second save in as many chances . Ben Revere led off with a single and went to third	False
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Carter , who has homered in three straight games . George Springer added a solo shot in the sixth	True
Miguel Gonzalez ( 5 - 4 ) allowed three runs and four hits with eight strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Adam Jones doubled and scored on a single by Delmon Young . Baltimore tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
Baltimore tied it at 1 in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Delmon Young . Baltimore took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
It was the second time this season the Astros have hit back - to - back home runs . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit a go - ahead home run in the seventh inning , Alex Guerrero added a three - run shot and the Dodgers rallied to beat the Colorado Rockies 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Josh Ravin ( 1 - 0 ) got one out for the win , and Kenley Jansen worked the ninth	True
Josh Ravin ( 1 - 0 ) got one out for the win , and Kenley Jansen worked the ninth for his fifth save in five chances . The Dodgers took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth	True
The Dodgers took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth on a two - run homer by Joc Pederson and a two - run shot by Enrique Hernandez . The Rockies took a 5 - 4 lead in the sixth	False
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Gonzalez hit a two - run homer in the third to make it 4 - 0 . The Rockies cut the lead to 5 - 4 in the fourth	True
The Cubs , who have won four of five , took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Anthony Rizzo 's RBI double and Junior Lake 's RBI double . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a double by Adeiny Hechavarria and a two - out , three - run double by Ozuna . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
He struck out seven and walked two . Stanton hit a solo homer off Zac Rosscup in the seventh	True
It was the first homer allowed by Rosscup this season . A. J. Ramos pitched around a two - out single in the ninth	True
A. J. Ramos pitched around a two - out single in the ninth for his fifth save in five chances . Stanton hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Stanton hit a solo homer in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 . It was his third homer of the season and second	False
It was his third homer of the season and second in two games . Stanton hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Stanton hit a solo homer in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 . It was his third homer of the season and second	False
Kendall Graveman ( 3 - 2 ) allowed three runs and eight hits in six innings . Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect ninth	True
John Jaso had a pinch - hit , two - run double in the seventh inning and the Red Sox rallied for a 7 - 5 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Mike Napoli hit a two - run homer off Jake McGee ( 0 - 1 ) in the seventh	True
Junichi Tazawa ( 2 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Koji Uehara worked the ninth	True
Koji Uehara worked the ninth for his 23rd save . The Red Sox took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth	True
He walked four and struck out four . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rays tied it in the bottom half on a run - scoring single by Brandon Guyer and a run - scoring single by Alejandro De Aza . The Rays tied it 3 - all in the second	True
The Rays tied it 3 - all in the second on a two - run single by Blake Swihart and a run - scoring single by Alejandro De Aza . The Rays tied it 3 - all in the second	False
Castro hit a three - run homer with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning to lift the Houston Astros to a 3 - 0 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Castro 's homer with two outs in the ninth	True
Houston starter Scott Kazmir allowed three hits in 7 2/3 innings , struck out five and walked three . Jose Alvarez ( 2 - 2 ) walked Jed Lowrie with one out in the ninth	True
Jed Lowrie then walked to load the bases before Castro hit a 1 - 2 pitch into the seats in left field . Luke Gregerson ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Houston starter Matt Shoemaker allowed three hits and struck out seven in seven innings . He was replaced by Pat Neshek , who got the final out in the eighth	True
He was replaced by Pat Neshek , who got the final out in the eighth . Pat Neshek got the final out in the eighth	False
He was replaced by Pat Neshek , who got the final out in the eighth . Pat Neshek got the final out in the eighth and Joe Smith pitched the eighth	False
Pat Neshek got the final out in the eighth and Joe Smith pitched the eighth . Joe Smith pitched the eighth	True
Pat Neshek got the final out in the eighth and Joe Smith pitched the eighth . Joe Smith pitched the eighth and Luke Gregerson ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Joe Smith pitched the eighth and Luke Gregerson ( 4 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Jason Castro hit a three - run homer in the ninth	True
Duffy hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Buster Posey had four hits and the Giants beat the Oakland Athletics 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Duffy hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring single in the second	True
Tim Hudson ( 6 - 8 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in five innings to win for the first time in four starts . Santiago Casilla pitched the ninth	True
Brett Lawrie 's RBI single in the fourth cut the lead to 4 - 2 , but Duffy 's RBI single in the fourth made it 4 - 3 . Brandon Belt added an RBI single in the fourth	True
Brandon Belt added an RBI single in the fourth to make it 4 - 3 . The Giants took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
Josh Reddick led off with a triple and scored on Billy Butler 's pinch - hit single to cut San Francisco 's lead to 4 - 2 . The Giants took a 4 - 1 lead in the second	True
He struck out three and walked three . Jim Johnson pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . Adonis Garcia homered in the sixth	True
Buster Posey hit a sacrifice fly and Billy Burns drove in a run with a groundout . Ben Zobrist homered in the seventh	True
John Jaso hit a tying single with two outs in the eighth inning , and the Tampa Bay Rays beat the Baltimore Orioles 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . John Jaso hit a tying single with two outs in the eighth	True
John Jaso hit a tying single with two outs in the eighth off Darren O'Day ( 5 - 1 ) , and Tim Beckham added a two - out , two - run single off reliever Xavier Cedeno . Jake McGee pitched the ninth	True
Jake McGee pitched the ninth for his fifth save in six opportunities . Tampa Bay 's Chris Davis hit an RBI double in the fourth	True
He struck out nine and walked two . Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Manny Machado led off with a single and scored on a double by Chris Davis . Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 on Ryan Flaherty 's two - out double in the fourth	True
Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 on Ryan Flaherty 's two - out double in the fourth . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 on Ryan Flaherty 's two - out double in the fourth . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Evan Longoria singled , stole second	False
The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Evan Longoria singled , stole second and scored on a double by Chris Davis . Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 in the fourth	True
Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 in the fourth when Beckham hit a two - out RBI double and scored on a single by Beckham . Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 on a run - scoring double by Chris Davis in the fourth	True
Beckham 's RBI double in the fourth gave the Rays a 1 - 0 lead . Baltimore tied it at 1 on Beckham 's RBI double in the eighth	True
The Cardinals have lost four of five . Cooney gave up two runs in the second inning , including Randal Grichuk 's two - run homer in the second	True
The Cardinals have lost four of five . Cooney gave up two runs in the second inning , including Randal Grichuk 's two - run homer in the second and a run - scoring single to Mark Reynolds in the sixth	True
Cooney gave up two runs in the second inning , including Randal Grichuk 's two - run homer in the second and a run - scoring single to Mark Reynolds in the sixth . Cooney , who has a 1.37 ERA in his last five starts , allowed one hit in a scoreless ninth	True
The Cardinals have won four of five . Cooney , who has a 1.37 ERA in his last five starts , allowed one hit in one - third	True
Cameron Maybin had an RBI double and scored on a single by Mark Reynolds to make it 4 - 0 . Jhonny Peralta added an RBI single in the fourth	True
Jhonny Peralta added an RBI single in the fourth to make it 4 - 0 . The Cardinals added a run in the sixth	False
Cashner ( 4 - 10 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings , struck out five and walked one . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and did not walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Yonder Alonso hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Yonder Alonso hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Miami went ahead 1 - 0 in the first	True
Miami went ahead 1 - 0 in the first on Justin Bour 's two - out RBI double . Wallace led off the fourth	True
Wallace led off the fourth with his second homer of the season . It was his third	False
Wallace led off the fourth with his second homer of the season . It was his third of the season and second	False
It was the second time this season the Padres have hit back - to - back home runs . Kemp hit a solo shot in the fifth	True
Kemp hit a solo shot in the fifth to give the Padres a 2 - 1 lead . It was his 21st of the season and second	False
It was the second time this season the Padres have hit back - to - back home runs . Wallace tied it at 1 with a leadoff homer in the bottom of the fourth	True
Wallace tied it at 1 with a leadoff homer in the bottom of the fourth . It was his fourth	False
Wallace tied it at 1 with a leadoff homer in the bottom of the fourth . It was his fourth of the season and second	False
The Diamondbacks have been shut out four times this season and have been shut out three times this season . Michael Morse led off the seventh	True
The Diamondbacks have been shut out four times this season and have been shut out three times this season . Michael Morse led off the seventh with a home run off Jeremy Hellickson ( 6 - 6 ) , and Christian Yelich added an RBI single in the eighth	True
Michael Morse led off the seventh with a home run off Jeremy Hellickson ( 6 - 6 ) , and Christian Yelich added an RBI single in the eighth . Ramos pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Ramos pitched a scoreless ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . The Diamondbacks had runners on first	False
Ramos pitched a scoreless ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second	False
Ramos pitched a scoreless ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth	True
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth , but Randall Delgado struck out pinch - hitter Donovan Solano to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth , but Randall Delgado struck out pinch - hitter Donovan Solano to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth , but Randall Delgado struck out pinch - hitter Donovan Solano to end the threat . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Ramos struck out pinch - hitter Donovan Solano to end it . The Diamondbacks had runners on first	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Ramos struck out pinch - hitter Donovan Solano to end it . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Ramos struck out pinch - hitter Donovan Solano to end it . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Ramos struck out pinch - hitter Donovan Solano to end the game . The Diamondbacks had runners on first	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Ramos struck out pinch - hitter Donovan Solano to end the game . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Ramos struck out pinch - hitter Donovan Solano to end the game . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Ramos struck out pinch - hitter Donovan Solano to end the game . The Diamondbacks had runners on first	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Ramos struck out pinch - hitter Donovan Solano to end the game . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Ramos struck out pinch - hitter Donovan Solano to end the game . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Ramos struck out pinch - hitter Donovan Solano to end the game . The Diamondbacks had runners on first	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Ramos struck out pinch - hitter Donovan Solano to end the game . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second	False
The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth , but Ramos struck out pinch - hitter Donovan Solano to end the game . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with one out in the ninth	False
He struck out four and walked three . The Braves scored two runs in the third	True
Anthony Rizzo had two hits and drove in two runs for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Atlanta 's Kris Bryant hit a two - out double in the ninth	True
Atlanta 's Kris Bryant hit a two - out double in the ninth and scored on Rizzo 's two - out single to make it 4 - 0 . Kris Bryant added a run - scoring double in the ninth	False
He struck out four and walked three . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Chris Denorfia led off with a double and scored on Starlin Castro 's single . The Braves added a run in the fourth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Ryan Madson pitched the 13th	True
Ryan Madson pitched the 13th for his first save . Lorenzo Cain hit a solo homer in the top of the 13th	True
Lorenzo Cain hit a solo homer in the top of the 13th to give the White Sox a 6 - 4 lead . Shuck 's two - run double off Greg Holland tied it at 6 in the ninth	True
The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Eric Hosmer and a run - scoring single by Adam Eaton . Salvador Perez 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 in the third	True
Salvador Perez 's RBI double made it 3 - 0 in the third . The White Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
MINNEAPOLIS -- Brian Dozier 's first career grand slam was his first career grand slam , and the Minnesota Twins rallied to beat the Detroit Tigers 8 - 6 on Tuesday night . Dozier 's two - run homer in the ninth inning off Joakim Soria ( 3 - 1 ) gave the Twins a 6 - 5 lead , and the Twins rallied for three runs in the ninth	True
Eddie Rosario hit an RBI single and Miguel Sano walked to load the bases before Dozier 's two - run homer off Bruce Rondon gave the Tigers a 6 - 5 lead . Trevor May ( 6 - 7 ) pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . Santana hit a two - run homer in the third inning , and J. D. Martinez added a solo shot in the fourth	True
Santana hit a two - run homer in the third inning , and J. D. Martinez added a solo shot in the fourth to give the Tigers a 6 - 0 lead . Martinez hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Santana hit a two - run homer in the third inning , and J. D. Martinez added a solo shot in the fourth to give the Tigers a 6 - 0 lead . Martinez hit a two - run homer in the third and Cespedes hit a three - run shot in the fourth	True
He struck out six , walked two and threw a season - high 104 pitches . Carson Smith got the final out in the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked one . Kole Calhoun hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Richards in his last five starts . The Mariners added a run in the fourth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Richards in five starts this season . Seattle added two more in the fourth	True
Seattle added two more in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Mike Zunino and a run - scoring single by Nelson Cruz . The Angels added three runs in the eighth	True
Robinson Cano had an RBI single and Seth Smith added a run - scoring single . David Freese had an RBI groundout in the ninth	True
Kluber ( 4 - 9 ) allowed five hits , struck out seven and walked two in 6 2/3 innings . Bryan Shaw pitched a perfect ninth	True
The right - hander struck out seven and walked two . Zach McAllister , Zach McAllister and Bryan Shaw combined for three scoreless innings , and Bryan Shaw worked the ninth	True
DENVER -- Albert Pujols hit a three - run homer in the first inning , and the Los Angeles Angels beat the Colorado Rockies 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Albert Pujols hit a three - run homer in the first inning and Mike Trout added a three - run shot in the second	True
He struck out two and walked one . Chris Iannetta hit a two - run homer in the third	True
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers had a big hit in the seventh inning , and the Dodgers rallied from a six - run deficit to beat the Philadelphia Phillies 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Jimmy Rollins hit a go - ahead two - run single in the seventh	True
LOS ANGELES -- The Los Angeles Dodgers had a big hit in the seventh inning , and the Dodgers rallied from a six - run deficit to beat the Philadelphia Phillies 10 - 7 on Tuesday night . Jimmy Rollins hit a go - ahead two - run single in the seventh , and Yasmani Grandal hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Jimmy Rollins hit a go - ahead two - run single in the seventh , and Yasmani Grandal hit a three - run homer in the fifth for the Dodgers , who won for the seventh time in eight games . J. P. Howell ( 4 - 1 ) struck out the only batter he faced in the seventh	True
J. P. Howell ( 4 - 1 ) struck out the only batter he faced in the seventh to earn the win . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out three . The Dodgers tied it at 2 in the second	True
The Dodgers tied it at 2 in the second on a sacrifice fly by Justin Turner and a run - scoring double by Andre Ethier . The Dodgers tied it in the second	True
The Dodgers tied it in the second on a two - run homer by Galvis . The Dodgers tied it in the second	False
The Dodgers tied it in the second on a two - run homer by Yasmani Grandal , but the Phillies tied it in the bottom half on Galvis ' sacrifice fly . The Dodgers tied it at 2 in the second	True
He struck out eight and walked two . The Cubs scored twice in the seventh	True
Kolten Wong followed with an RBI single to make it 2 - 0 . The Cardinals added three runs in the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out one . The Cubs scored in the seventh	True
He walked one and struck out one . The Cubs scored in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Mark Reynolds , but the Cubs had runners on second	False
He walked one and struck out one . The Cubs scored in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Mark Reynolds , but the Cubs had runners on second and third	False
The Cubs scored in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Mark Reynolds , but the Cubs had runners on second and third with no outs in the bottom half , but Lackey struck out Addison Russell to end the threat . The Cubs had runners on first	False
The Cubs scored in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Mark Reynolds , but the Cubs had runners on second and third with no outs in the bottom half , but Lackey struck out Addison Russell to end the threat . The Cubs had runners on first and second	False
The Cubs scored in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Mark Reynolds , but the Cubs had runners on second and third with no outs in the bottom half , but Lackey struck out Addison Russell to end the threat . The Cubs had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
Marwin Gonzalez had three hits , including a solo homer , and drove in two runs for the Indians , who have won four of five . Tucker , who had a career - high four hits , had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the seventh	True
Tucker , who had a career - high four hits , had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the seventh . He had an RBI single in the sixth	True
Tucker , who had a career - high four hits , had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the seventh . He had an RBI single in the sixth and a solo homer in the seventh	False
He had an RBI single in the sixth and a solo homer in the seventh . Tucker , who had a career - high four hits , had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the seventh	True
Tucker , who had a career - high four hits , had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the seventh . He had an RBI single in the sixth	True
Tucker , who had a career - high four hits , had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the seventh . He had an RBI single in the sixth and a solo homer in the seventh	False
He had an RBI single in the sixth and a solo homer in the seventh . Tucker , who had a career - high four hits , had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the seventh	True
Evan Gattis had an RBI single and Jason Kipnis followed with a sacrifice fly . Tucker singled in a run in the third	True
Evan Gattis had an RBI single and Jason Kipnis followed with a sacrifice fly . Tucker singled in a run in the third , and Tucker singled in a run in the fourth	True
Tucker singled in a run in the third , and Tucker singled in a run in the fourth . Tucker singled in a run in the fourth	True
Tucker singled in a run in the fourth to make it 5 - 1 . Tucker singled in a run in the fourth	True
Tucker singled in a run in the fourth to make it 5 - 1 . Tucker singled in a run in the fourth and singled in a run in the sixth	True
Tucker singled in a run in the fourth and singled in a run in the sixth . He had an RBI single in the sixth	True
Tucker singled in a run in the fourth and singled in a run in the sixth . He had an RBI single in the sixth and a run - scoring single in the sixth	True
ATLANTA -- Carlos Ruiz 's two - run double in the 10th inning lifted the Philadelphia Phillies to a 4 - 0 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Tuesday night . Carlos Ruiz added a two - run double in the 10th	True
Carlos Ruiz added a two - run double in the 10th to give the Phillies a 3 - 0 lead . Carlos Ruiz added a two - run double in the 10th	False
Carlos Ruiz added a two - run double in the 10th to give the Phillies a 3 - 0 lead . Carlos Ruiz added a two - run double in the 10th	False
Carlos Ruiz added a two - run double in the 10th to give the Phillies a 3 - 0 lead . Freddy Galvis added an RBI single in the 10th	True
Freddy Galvis added an RBI single in the 10th for the Phillies . Jake Brigham ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Jake Brigham ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Odubel Herrera led off the 10th	True
Jake Brigham ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Odubel Herrera led off the 10th with a single off Nick Masset ( 2 - 2 ) , stole second	False
Jake Brigham ( 3 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for the win . Odubel Herrera led off the 10th with a single off Nick Masset ( 2 - 2 ) , stole second and moved to third	False
Ruiz followed with a two - run double to left - center to make it 4 - 0 . Carlos Ruiz added a two - run double in the 10th	True
MIAMI -- Justin Bour hit a three - run homer in the ninth inning to lift the Miami Marlins to a 6 - 5 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Justin Bour led off the bottom of the ninth	True
Justin Bour followed with a three - run homer off Sam Dyson ( 2 - 5 ) . Steve Cishek ( 2 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out one and walked three . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Crawford 's homer in the sixth gave the Marlins a 4 - 3 lead . The Giants tied the game at 3 in the sixth	True
The Giants tied the game at 3 in the sixth on a two - out RBI single by Joe Panik . The Giants tied the game at 1 in the third	True
The Giants tied the game at 1 in the third on a double by Angel Pagan and a sacrifice fly by Dee Gordon . The Giants took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 in his last five starts . Kenley Jansen gave up a solo home run to David Peralta in the ninth	True
Kenley Jansen gave up a solo home run to David Peralta in the ninth before finishing for his 13th save in 15 chances . The Dodgers had a chance to score in the eighth	True
He struck out six and walked two . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Justin Turner added a run - scoring double to make it 4 - 0 . Hill 's sacrifice fly in the eighth cut the lead to 4 - 2 , but the Dodgers tied it in the eighth	False
A. J. Pollock led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Enrique Hernandez . Hill added a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Eduardo Rodriguez ( 8 - 5 ) allowed two runs -- one earned -- and seven hits in five innings for the win . Jean Machi pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked one . The Yankees took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Yankees took a 2 - 1 lead in the third when Bradley led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Carlos Beltran . Boston took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
Boston took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth when Bradley led off with a double and scored on Didi Gregorius ' single . Betts hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Boston took a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth when Bradley led off with a double and scored on Didi Gregorius ' single . Betts hit a two - run homer in the third and Ortiz tied it with a solo shot in the fourth	False
Betts hit a two - run homer in the third and Ortiz tied it with a solo shot in the fourth . The Red Sox tied it in the seventh	False
Chase Drew 's bases - loaded walk in the ninth made it 4 - 3 , but Jean Machi got Ortiz to ground into a game - ending double play for his fourth save . Boston 's Alex Rodriguez extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first	True
Walker ( 10 - 7 ) struck out six and walked one in 6 1/3 innings . Tom Wilhelmsen pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Franklin Gutierrez hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
The right - hander struck out a season - high nine and walked two in his third career complete game . J. D. Martinez hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
The right - hander struck out a season - high nine and walked two in his third career complete game . J. D. Martinez hit a two - run homer in the fifth , and Miguel Cabrera hit a two - run shot in the fifth	True
J. D. Martinez hit a two - run homer in the fifth , and Miguel Cabrera hit a two - run shot in the fifth for a 5 - 0 lead . J. D. Martinez hit a two - run homer in the fifth	False
He walked three and struck out three . Nicholas Castellanos and J. D. Martinez hit back - to - back home runs in the second	True
Nicholas Castellanos and J. D. Martinez hit back - to - back home runs in the second for the Angels , who have lost five of their last six games . Martinez hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Martinez hit a two - run homer in the fifth to make it 5 - 0 . Martinez hit a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Martinez hit a two - run shot in the fifth to make it 5 - 0 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
The Braves have lost four of five . Atlanta 's Nick Markakis had two hits , including a run - scoring single in the fifth	True
Atlanta 's Nick Markakis had two hits , including a run - scoring single in the fifth that gave the Rockies a 4 - 0 lead . LeMahieu had a two - run single in the fourth	True
He walked one and struck out three . Adam Jones hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Mike Moustakas hit a two - run shot in the sixth	True
He struck out six and did not walk a batter . The Orioles scored three runs in the sixth	True
He struck out six and did not walk a batter . The Orioles took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Orioles took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Steve Clevenger and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Eric Hosmer . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first	True
Jones followed with a double to right and scored on Eric Hosmer 's fielder 's choice grounder . The Royals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Sano hit a two - run homer , Jonathan Schoop had three hits and three RBI , and the Twins beat the Baltimore Orioles 4 - 3 on Tuesday night to snap a three - game losing streak . Sano hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Kevin Gausman , and Jonathan Perkins ( 2 - 4 ) pitched the 12th	True
Sano hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Kevin Gausman , and Jonathan Perkins ( 2 - 4 ) pitched the 12th for the win . Tommy Milone pitched a perfect 12th	True
Brian Matusz ( 1 - 3 ) took the loss . Sano hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the first	True
Sano hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the first . Sano hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Jonathan Schoop hit a two - out , two - run single in the fifth	True
He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Baltimore took a 3 - 2 lead in the fifth	True
Schoop 's two - out single in the bottom half made it 2 - 1 , but the Orioles went up 2 - 1 in the bottom half . Jones hit a two - out , two - run homer to left , his third	False
BOSTON -- The Kansas City Royals are on the verge of a playoff spot . Mike Moustakas homered and drove in four runs , Chris Young ( 9 - 6 ) got the final out in the seventh inning and Wade Davis pitched the ninth	True
He struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Bradley and a sacrifice fly by David Ortiz . The Royals tied it in the fourth	True
The Royals tied it in the fourth on an RBI double by Bradley and a run - scoring single by Rusney Castillo . Bradley doubled in a run in the fourth	True
Bradley doubled in a run in the fourth and scored on Moustakas ' double to make it 3 - 2 . The Royals tied it in the fourth	True
He walked six and struck out seven . Rendon hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
He walked six and struck out seven . Rendon hit a three - run homer in the fifth , and Khris Davis added a solo shot in the eighth	False
Milwaukee took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring double by Bryce Harper and a run - scoring double by Ryan Zimmerman . Rendon hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Rendon hit a three - run homer in the fifth to make it 6 - 3 . Gennett led off the bottom half with a homer to left , his third	False
Gennett led off the bottom half with a homer to left , his third of the season . The Nationals added a run in the sixth	True
He struck out eight and walked four . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Jason Motte ( 8 - 1 ) pitched a perfect sixth inning for the win . Hector Rondon pitched the ninth	True
Hector Rondon pitched the ninth for his 22nd save in 26 chances . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Nick Markakis ' two - out , two - run double . Nick Markakis hit a two - out , two - run double in the fourth	True
He struck out eight and walked four . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out eight and walked four . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Freddie Freeman 's RBI fielder 's choice and Nick Markakis ' two - out , two - run double in the fourth	True
Kendrys Morales hit a game - ending RBI single with two outs in the 10th inning to give the Royals a 4 - 3 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Kendrys Morales drove in the game - winning run with a single off Trevor Gott ( 2 - 1 ) in the 10th	True
Kendrys Morales drove in the game - winning run with a single off Trevor Gott ( 2 - 1 ) in the 10th to give the Royals a 3 - 2 lead . Kendrys Morales hit a two - out RBI single off Huston Street in the ninth	True
Kendrys Morales drove in the game - winning run with a single off Trevor Gott ( 2 - 1 ) in the 10th to give the Royals a 3 - 2 lead . Kendrys Morales hit a two - out RBI single off Huston Street in the ninth to give the Angels a 3 - 2 lead , but the Royals tied it in the ninth	False
Kelvin Herrera ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Huston Street gave up a run - scoring single to Alex Rios in the ninth	True
Huston Street gave up a run - scoring single to Alex Rios in the ninth , but the Angels ' bullpen could n't hold the lead . Ben Zobrist led off the 10th	False
Huston Street gave up a run - scoring single to Alex Rios in the ninth , but the Angels ' bullpen could n't hold the lead . Ben Zobrist led off the 10th with a single off Trevor Gott ( 2 - 1 ) , stole second	False
Huston Street gave up a run - scoring single to Alex Rios in the ninth , but the Angels ' bullpen could n't hold the lead . Ben Zobrist led off the 10th with a single off Trevor Gott ( 2 - 1 ) , stole second and advanced to third	False
Street ( 4 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . David Murphy hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
The right - hander is 0 - 3 in his past five starts . The Royals tied it at 2 in the sixth	True
The Royals tied it at 2 in the sixth when Ben Zobrist hit an RBI double and scored on Eric Hosmer 's single . The Angels tied it in the sixth	True
The Angels tied it in the sixth when Calhoun led off with a triple and scored on Mike Trout 's groundout . The Angels tied it in the ninth	True
Cameron Maybin hit a game - ending homer in the 10th inning and the Atlanta Braves beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Cameron Maybin hit a solo homer in the bottom of the 10th	True
Cameron Maybin hit a solo homer in the bottom of the 10th off David Hernandez ( 0 - 3 ) to give the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . David Aardsma ( 1 - 1 ) struck out the side in the top of the 10th	False
Michael Bourn 's RBI single in the fifth tied the game 1 - all . Michael Inciarte had an RBI grounder in the eighth	True
Michael Inciarte had an RBI grounder in the eighth off David Hernandez ( 0 - 3 ) to tie the score at 1 - 1 . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Matt Albers ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win , and Huston Street got the final five outs for his 26th save . Jose Abreu led off the 13th	True
Matt Albers ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win , and Huston Street got the final five outs for his 26th save . Jose Abreu led off the 13th with a single off Cesar Ramos ( 2 - 1 ) and advanced to second	False
Avisail Garcia followed with an RBI double off the wall in left - center to give Chicago a 2 - 1 lead . Conor Gillaspie drove in a run with a groundout in the ninth	True
He struck out a season - high 11 and walked one . David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth	True
The White Sox have lost six of seven . Thompson hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Thompson hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Angels , who have won four of five . Thompson hit a solo homer in the fifth	False
Thompson hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Angels , who have won four of five . Thompson hit a solo homer in the fifth	False
Thompson hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Angels , who have won four of five . Cory Rasmus and Kole Calhoun opened the fourth	True
Thompson hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Angels , who have won four of five . Cory Rasmus and Kole Calhoun opened the fourth with back - to - back singles to put runners on first	False
Thompson hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Angels , who have won four of five . Cory Rasmus and Kole Calhoun opened the fourth with back - to - back singles to put runners on first and third	False
The Angels , who have won four of five , have won seven of their last 10 games against the Orioles . Carlos Perez led off the 11th	True
Carlos Perez led off the 11th with a single off Chaz Roe ( 2 - 2 ) . Perez ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win , and Brian Matusz got the final out in the 11th	True
Calhoun homered in the first inning for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Matt Wieters and a run - scoring double by Jonathan Schoop . Parra led off the sixth	True
Parra led off the sixth with his sixth homer of the season , a drive to left - center that bounced off the top of the wall in left - center . It was Parra 's fourth homer of the season and second	False
It was Parra 's fourth homer of the season and second in two games . The Angels tied it in the sixth	True
He struck out six and walked three . Adam LaRoche hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked three . Adam LaRoche hit a solo homer in the ninth off Greg Holland , who worked the ninth	True
Adam LaRoche hit a solo homer in the ninth off Greg Holland , who worked the ninth for his 24th save in 28 opportunities . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Jose Abreu 's RBI double in the sixth scored Lorenzo Cain , who had doubled , to put the White Sox ahead 2 - 1 . Eric Hosmer added an RBI single in the sixth	False
The White Sox have scored just four runs in their past three games . The White Sox scored in the fifth	True
The White Sox scored in the fifth when Ben Zobrist hit a leadoff single and scored on Alex Rios ' double . The White Sox tied it in the sixth	True
The White Sox tied it in the sixth . Mike Moustakas drew a one - out walk , stole second	False
Hunter homered and drove in three runs , Trevor May ( 8 - 7 ) pitched a scoreless inning and the Twins beat the Cleveland Indians 10 - 9 on Tuesday night . Hunter had three hits , including a solo homer in the ninth	True
Hunter homered and drove in three runs , Trevor May ( 8 - 7 ) pitched a scoreless inning and the Twins beat the Cleveland Indians 10 - 9 on Tuesday night . Hunter had three hits , including a solo homer in the ninth off Bryan Shaw ( 1 - 2 ) , who gave up a solo homer to Yan Gomes in the ninth	True
Michael Brantley had a two - run double and Aaron Hicks had three hits and drove in a run for the Indians , who have won four of five . Glen Perkins pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander gave up six runs in 2 2/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Indians took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Trevor Plouffe 's two - run double and Eddie Rosario 's run - scoring double . The Indians scored four times in the third	True
Eduardo Escobar 's RBI single and Miguel Sano 's run - scoring double made it 6 - 4 . Dozier led off the sixth	True
Dozier led off the sixth with his 21st homer , a solo shot , to make it 9 - 9 . Aaron Hicks had three hits , including an RBI double in the third	True
David Buchanan ( 2 - 6 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the first	True
David Buchanan ( 2 - 6 ) gave up seven runs and 10 hits in four - plus innings for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the first and Brown hit a three - run shot in the second	True
It was the first grand slam of the season for Brown , who had a career - high four RBIs . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the first	True
It was the first homer allowed by Buchanan , who allowed six runs and six hits in four - plus innings . The Dodgers took a 5 - 3 lead in the second	True
The Dodgers took a 5 - 3 lead in the second on a two - run single by Howie Kendrick and a two - run single by Ryan Howard . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the second	True
He struck out two and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Alex Wilson got the last out in the ninth	True
Kendrys Morales had two hits and an RBI for the Royals , who have lost five of six . Victor Martinez drove in a run with a groundout in the fourth	True
Kendrys Morales had two hits and an RBI for the Royals , who have lost five of six . Victor Martinez drove in a run with a groundout in the fourth , and Kendrys Morales tied it with a run - scoring triple in the fourth	True
Victor Martinez drove in a run with a groundout in the fourth , and Kendrys Morales tied it with a run - scoring triple in the fourth . Kendrys Morales had a two - out triple in the fourth	True
Kendrys Morales had a two - out triple in the fourth for the Royals , who had scored only one run in their previous three games . The Royals had a chance to score in the first	True
Kendrys Morales had a two - out triple in the fourth for the Royals , who had scored only one run in their previous three games . The Royals had a chance to score in the first when Ian Kinsler led off with a double and went to third	False
The Royals had a chance to score in the first when Ian Kinsler led off with a double and went to third on a wild pitch , but Boyd struck out Lorenzo Cain and got Salvador Perez to ground into a double play . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Royals had a chance to score in the first when Ian Kinsler led off with a double and went to third on a wild pitch , but Boyd struck out Lorenzo Cain and got Salvador Perez to ground into a double play . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Tyler Collins led off with a single , stole second	False
The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Tyler Collins led off with a single , stole second and scored on Anthony Gose 's two - out triple . The Royals tied it in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays have lost six of their past seven games . Royals right - hander Roberto Osuna gave up a two - run homer to Ben Zobrist in the eighth	True
The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Colabello hit a two - run homer off Edinson Volquez ( 10 - 6 ) in the fourth	True
He walked three and struck out four . Colabello put the Blue Jays up 2 - 0 with a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Colabello put the Blue Jays up 2 - 0 with a two - run homer in the fourth . It was Colabello 's fourth	False
Colabello put the Blue Jays up 2 - 0 with a two - run homer in the fourth . It was Colabello 's fourth of the season and second	False
It was Colabello 's fourth of the season and second in two days . Toronto added a run in the seventh	True
He struck out seven and walked two . Noonan hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Noonan hit a solo homer in the seventh for San Francisco , which has won five of its last six games . Noonan hit a solo home run in the seventh	True
Noonan hit a solo home run in the seventh for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Noonan hit a solo home run in the seventh	False
Noonan hit a solo home run in the seventh for the Dodgers , who have won four of five . Noonan hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Eric Hosmer hit a two - run homer with two outs in the 10th inning , and the Royals beat the Chicago White Sox 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Eric Hosmer hit a two - run homer off David Robertson ( 6 - 5 ) in the 10th	True
It was the first two - run homer of the season for Hosmer , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of Kansas City 's 3 - 2 win over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Wade Davis pitched a perfect 10th	True
He struck out five and walked one . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Adam Eaton 's RBI single . Gordon led off the third	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Adam Eaton 's RBI single . Gordon led off the third with a homer to left , his fourth	False
Gordon led off the third with a homer to left , his fourth of the season . Abreu tied it in the sixth	True
He struck out eight and walked two . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his six starts this season . The Rangers had a chance to score in the seventh	True
The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his six starts this season . The Rangers had a chance to score in the seventh when Robinson Chirinos led off with a double and went to third	False
But Verlander struck out Andrew Romine to end the threat . Fielder hit a two - run single in the ninth	True
Fielder hit a two - run single in the ninth off Neftali Feliz , who got the final two outs for his 10th save in 12 chances . Fielder had three hits and drove in four runs , including a two - run single in the ninth	True
Jeff Francoeur hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and the Phillies held on for a 12 - 5 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . The Phillies trailed 2 - 1 in the sixth	True
The Phillies trailed 2 - 1 in the sixth , but Jeff Ruf walked with the bases loaded and Ian Desmond hit a two - run homer off Casey Janssen to give the Phillies a 4 - 2 lead . Francoeur had three hits , including a two - run homer off Casey Janssen in the ninth	True
Francoeur had three hits , including a two - run homer off Casey Janssen in the ninth . Cameron Rupp added a two - run single in the ninth	False
Cameron Rupp added a two - run single in the ninth . Dalier Hinojosa ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Dalier Hinojosa ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Sammy Solis gave up three runs in the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out one . Andres Blanco hit a two - run homer off Casey Janssen in the eighth	True
He walked two and struck out one . Andres Blanco hit a two - run homer off Casey Janssen in the eighth , and Freddy Galvis had a two - run single in the ninth	False
He walked two and struck out one . Andres Blanco hit a two - run homer off Casey Janssen in the eighth , and Freddy Galvis had a two - run single in the ninth for the Nationals , who trailed 2 - 1 in the sixth	True
Andres Blanco hit a two - run homer off Casey Janssen in the eighth , and Freddy Galvis had a two - run single in the ninth for the Nationals , who trailed 2 - 1 in the sixth . Matthew Grace got the final out in the eighth	False
Andres Blanco hit a two - run homer off Casey Janssen in the eighth , and Freddy Galvis had a two - run single in the ninth for the Nationals , who trailed 2 - 1 in the sixth . Matthew Grace got the final out in the eighth and Jeanmar Gomez gave up a run - scoring single to Jose Lobaton with two outs in the ninth	False
Matthew Grace got the final out in the eighth and Jeanmar Gomez gave up a run - scoring single to Jose Lobaton with two outs in the ninth . Matthew Grace got the final out in the eighth	False
Matthew Grace got the final out in the eighth and Jeanmar Gomez gave up a run - scoring single to Jose Lobaton with two outs in the ninth . Matthew Grace got the final out in the eighth , and Jeanmar Gomez gave up two runs in the ninth	False
He also hit a batter and threw a wild pitch in the first inning . Starlin Castro hit a two - run double in the seventh	True
Correa homered twice and drove in three runs , Prince Fielder had three hits and drove in two runs , and the Astros beat the Texas Rangers 9 - 7 on Tuesday night . Correa hit a solo homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the third	True
It was the first multi - homer game of his career . Correa hit a two - run homer in the third	True
It was the first multi - homer game of his career . Correa hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the seventh	True
Correa hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the seventh to make it 9 - 4 . Prince Fielder had three hits , including a two - run single in the ninth	True
Will Harris got the final out for his second save . Gonzalez had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third	True
Will Harris got the final out for his second save . Gonzalez had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third , and a two - run shot in the seventh	True
Gonzalez had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third , and a two - run shot in the seventh that gave the Astros a 5 - 4 lead . It was the first multi - homer game of the season for Correa , who hit a solo shot in the sixth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Correa , who has homered in three straight games for the first time this season . The Astros added three runs in the ninth	True
It was the second time this season the Rangers have hit back - to - back home runs . Correa hit a two - run shot in the third	True
It was the first multi - homer game of his career . Altuve hit a solo shot in the sixth	True
Rodriguez pitched a scoreless ninth inning for his 36th save , and the Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Rodriguez ( 2 - 3 ) gave up a leadoff homer to Khris Davis in the top of the ninth	False
Khris Grichuk followed with a drive to right - center off Trevor Rosenthal ( 2 - 3 ) for his second homer of the season . Will Smith ( 7 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Will Smith ( 7 - 2 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a run - scoring single by Matt Carpenter and a run - scoring single by Jonathan Lucroy . Milwaukee took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
Milwaukee took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Stephen Piscotty and a sacrifice fly by Jonathan Lucroy . Milwaukee took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
Milwaukee took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on a run - scoring single by Matt Carpenter and a sacrifice fly by Jonathan Lucroy . The Cardinals took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
He struck out six and walked two . Baltimore 's Doug Fister struck out four in two scoreless innings , and Darren O'Day pitched the ninth	True
Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Chris Davis ' RBI double and Nolan Reimold 's run - scoring single . Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the second	True
Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the second on an RBI double by Chris Davis and a run - scoring single by Steve Pearce . Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Chris Davis and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Jose Lobaton . Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Chris Davis and a run - scoring groundout by Jose Lobaton . Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Steve Pearce and a run - scoring single by Jonathan Schoop . Baltimore went up 4 - 1 in the fifth	False
He struck out five and walked three . Asche hit his second homer of the game , a solo shot in the eighth	True
Asche hit his second homer of the game , a solo shot in the eighth . Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 . Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 . Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh to make it 5 - 2 . Ruf homered in the eighth	False
Ruf homered in the eighth off Raudel Lazo , who was making his major league debut . Asche hit his second homer of the game , a solo shot in the eighth	True
Asche hit his second homer of the game , a solo shot in the eighth , to make it 6 - 2 . Rojas hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
ST. LOUIS -- The St. Louis Cardinals ' bullpen did n't need much help . Jhonny Peralta hit a tying single in the eighth inning and Stephen Piscotty drove in the go - ahead run with a double in the eighth	True
He struck out five and walked five . Cano hit a three - run homer off Derek Holland ( 3 - 3 ) in the fifth	True
He struck out five and walked five . Cano hit a three - run homer off Derek Holland ( 3 - 3 ) in the fifth , and Kyle Seager had a two - run double in the fifth	True
Cano hit a three - run homer off Derek Holland ( 3 - 3 ) in the fifth , and Kyle Seager had a two - run double in the fifth to give the Mariners a 4 - 2 lead . Cano had a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Cano hit a three - run homer off Derek Holland ( 3 - 3 ) in the fifth , and Kyle Seager had a two - run double in the fifth to give the Mariners a 4 - 2 lead . Cano had a two - run homer in the fifth and a three - run shot in the fifth	False
The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . Cano hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
The Rangers have lost five of their last six games . Cano hit a three - run homer in the fifth and Franklin Gutierrez added a solo shot in the fifth	True
Cano hit a three - run homer in the fifth and Franklin Gutierrez added a solo shot in the fifth to give the Mariners a 7 - 2 lead . It was Gutierrez 's fourth homer of the season and second	False
It was the fourth time this season the Mariners have hit back - to - back homers . Cano had a run - scoring single in the fourth	True
It was the fourth time this season the Mariners have hit back - to - back homers . Cano had a run - scoring single in the fourth and a three - run homer in the fifth	True
It was the third time this season the Mariners have hit back - to - back homers . Cano had a run - scoring single in the fourth	True
It was the third time this season the Mariners have hit back - to - back homers . Cano had a run - scoring single in the fourth and a three - run homer in the fifth	True
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Eric Hosmer and a run - scoring single by Alex Rios . The Royals tied it at 5 in the third	True
The Royals tied it at 5 in the third on a run - scoring single by Victor Martinez and a run - scoring single by Ben Zobrist . The Tigers added a run in the fifth	True
Christian Bergman ( 3 - 0 ) allowed one run and three hits in 3 1/3 innings for the Rockies , who have won four of five . Jedd Gyorko and Tom Murphy hit back - to - back home runs in the fifth	True
Arenado followed with an RBI single , and Justin Upton 's RBI single made it 5 - 1 . Gyorko homered off Marcos Mateo in the sixth	True
Gyorko homered off Marcos Mateo in the sixth to make it 9 - 2 . It was Gyorko 's fourth	False
Gyorko homered off Marcos Mateo in the sixth to make it 9 - 2 . It was Gyorko 's fourth of the season and second	False
He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth	True
Infante had three hits , including a three - run homer , and Yordano Ventura pitched five solid innings to lead the Royals to an 8 - 4 win over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Infante had three hits , including a three - run homer in the second	True
Infante had three hits , including a three - run homer , and Yordano Ventura pitched five solid innings to lead the Royals to an 8 - 4 win over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Infante had three hits , including a three - run homer in the second , and a two - run double in the fifth	True
Infante had three hits , including a three - run homer in the second , and a two - run double in the fifth . Infante had a two - run double in the fifth	True
Infante had three hits , including a three - run homer in the second , and a two - run double in the fifth . Infante had a two - run double in the fifth and a two - run single in the seventh	False
Infante had a two - run double in the fifth and a two - run single in the seventh . He also had a two - run double in the fifth	True
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the second time in four starts . The Indians scored three runs in the fifth	True
Infante 's two - out , two - run single in the seventh made it 8 - 3 . The Indians scored three runs in the ninth	True
The Indians scored three runs in the ninth off Greg Holland , who earned his 32nd save in 34 chances . The Indians scored three runs in the ninth	False
The Indians scored three runs in the ninth off Greg Holland , who earned his 32nd save in 34 chances . The Indians scored three runs in the ninth off Greg Holland , who pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Indians scored three runs in the ninth off Greg Holland , who pitched a perfect ninth for his 32nd save in 34 chances . The Indians scored three runs in the fifth	True
He struck out four and walked three . Kemp hit a three - run homer off Robbie Erlin in the fifth	True
The Padres tied it at 2 in the bottom half on a two - run single by Chris Owings . Arizona tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
Arizona tied it at 1 in the bottom half on a two - out , three - run homer by Kemp . Arizona tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
Arizona tied it at 1 in the fourth on a two - out , two - run single by Chris Owings . Arizona tied it at 1 in the fourth	False
Victor Martinez had three hits and drove in two runs for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Minnesota 's Miguel Sano hit a two - run single in the seventh	True
The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Ackley hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Ackley hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and a two - run shot in the fourth . He added a sacrifice fly in the second	True
Ackley hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning and a two - run shot in the fourth . He added a sacrifice fly in the second and a two - run homer in the fourth	False
He added a sacrifice fly in the second and a two - run homer in the fourth . Ackley hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Ackley hit a two - run homer in the fourth for a 4 - 0 lead . He added a sacrifice fly in the second	True
Ackley hit a two - run homer in the fourth for a 4 - 0 lead . He added a sacrifice fly in the second and a two - run homer in the fourth	False
It was his first home run since July 21 , a span of 51 at - bats . Rodriguez added an RBI double in the eighth	True
Rodriguez added an RBI double in the eighth off Toronto reliever Ryan Tepera . Toronto 's Alex Rodriguez had an RBI double in the eighth	True
Rodriguez added an RBI double in the eighth off Toronto reliever Ryan Tepera . Toronto 's Alex Rodriguez had an RBI double in the eighth and a run - scoring double in the eighth	False
Jared Hughes ( 3 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless 11th inning for the win . Tyler Thornburg ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , giving up one run and two hits in one - third	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out , two - run double by Rogers and a run - scoring single by Jordy Mercer . The Brewers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
He struck out five and walked two . Uribe hit a two - run double in the fourth	True
Uribe hit a two - run double in the fourth to give the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . The Mets added three runs in the fourth	True
Nick Swisher led off with a double and scored on Plawecki 's double to right - center . Plawecki hit a two - run double in the fourth	True
Plawecki hit a two - run double in the fourth to give the Mets a 3 - 0 lead . The Mets added a run in the seventh	False
Daniel Descalso also homered for the Rockies , who have won five of six . Kemp led off the bottom of the fourth	True
Kemp led off the bottom of the fourth with a home run to left - center off Jorge De La Rosa to tie the game at 1 . It was his 21st of the season and second	False
Justin Miller ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . John Axford pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out six and walked none . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Arenado hit a two - out homer to right - center . It was Arenado 's 21st of the season and second	False
It was Arenado 's 21st of the season and second in two games . The Padres tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
The Padres tied it at 1 in the fourth on Derek Norris ' sacrifice fly and Kemp 's leadoff homer . Gonzalez tied it with a leadoff homer in the sixth	True
It was his 21st of the season . Gonzalez tied it at 3 with a leadoff homer in the seventh	True
Gonzalez tied it at 3 with a leadoff homer in the seventh . It was his 21st of the season and second	False
He struck out five and walked three . Michael Brantley hit a two - run homer off Nate Jones in the eighth	True
The Indians have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Mike Aviles had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the fifth	True
Cleveland 's Mike Aviles had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the fifth that made it 4 - 1 . Abreu added a two - run homer in the eighth	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Carlos Santana extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with a single in the first	True
Cleveland 's Carlos Santana extended his hitting streak to a career - high 14 games with a single in the first . He was replaced by pinch - runner Francisco Lindor , who pinch - hit for Carrasco in the eighth	True
He walked two and struck out four . The White Sox took a 5 - 1 lead in the third	True
The White Sox took a 5 - 1 lead in the third on Jose Abreu 's RBI single and Avisail Garcia 's two - run single . The White Sox scored three runs in the first	True
The White Sox scored three runs in the first , including a run - scoring single by Adam LaRoche and a sacrifice fly by Rob Brantly . The White Sox scored three runs in the sixth	True
The White Sox scored three runs in the sixth to take a 5 - 1 lead . Mike Moustakas hit a solo home run , and Salvador Perez and Jarrod Dyson hit back - to - back home runs in the sixth	True
It was the second time this season the White Sox have hit back - to - back home runs . Eaton had three hits , including a solo homer in the sixth	True
The White Sox scored three runs in the first inning off Johnny Cueto ( 9 - 11 ) , who had allowed only one run in his previous three starts . Eaton led off the game with a single , stole second	False
He walked one and struck out one . Tyler Collins and J. D. Martinez hit back - to - back home runs in the fourth	True
Tyler Collins and J. D. Martinez hit back - to - back home runs in the fourth for the Indians , who have lost five of six . Martinez hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Tyler Collins and J. D. Martinez hit back - to - back home runs in the fourth for the Indians , who have lost five of six . Martinez hit a two - run homer in the third , and Martinez hit a two - run shot in the third	True
Martinez hit a two - run homer in the third , and Martinez hit a two - run shot in the third . J. D. Martinez hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Martinez hit a two - run homer in the third , and Martinez hit a two - run shot in the third . J. D. Martinez hit a two - run homer in the third , and Ian Kinsler added a run - scoring single in the fourth	True
J. D. Martinez hit a two - run homer in the third , and Ian Kinsler added a run - scoring single in the fourth to make it 6 - 0 . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on James McCann 's two - out RBI single . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
Cleveland added two more runs in the bottom of the inning on Collins ' solo homer and Martinez 's two - run shot to make it 3 - 0 . The Tigers added a run in the fourth	True
Cleveland added two more runs in the bottom of the inning on Collins ' solo homer and Martinez 's two - run shot to make it 3 - 0 . The Tigers added a run in the fourth on an RBI single by James McCann , but the Tigers made it 6 - 0 in the fourth	True
MIAMI -- Martin Prado had a game - winning , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Miami Marlins rallied for a 6 - 5 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Martin Prado had a two - out , two - run single in the ninth	True
Martin Prado had a two - out , two - run single in the ninth to give the Marlins a 5 - 4 lead . Christian Yelich led off the 11th	True
Christian Yelich followed with a single , and Prado followed with an RBI single to give the Marlins a 5 - 4 lead . Prado had a two - out , two - run single in the ninth	True
Prado had a two - out , two - run single in the ninth to give the Marlins a 5 - 4 lead . Cespedes hit a two - run homer off Eric O'Flaherty in the seventh	True
Miami 's Tom Koehler allowed two runs and five hits in six innings for the Marlins , who have won four of five . Cespedes hit a two - run homer off Eric O'Flaherty in the seventh	True
Cespedes hit a two - run homer off Eric O'Flaherty in the seventh to give the Mets a 4 - 3 lead . Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the seventh to give the Mets a 4 - 3 lead . Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the seventh	False
Cespedes hit a two - run homer in the seventh to give the Mets a 4 - 3 lead . Marcell Ozuna drew a bases - loaded walk in the seventh	False
He struck out two and walked one . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the ninth	True
Brett Lawrie and Josh Phegley hit two - run homers for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Pujols hit a two - run homer off Gray in the second inning and added a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the ninth	True
Joey Votto hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . Votto hit a three - run shot off J. J. Hoover ( 7 - 0 ) in the ninth	True
Joey Votto hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 4 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . Votto hit a three - run shot off J. J. Hoover ( 7 - 0 ) in the ninth , and Kris Bryant hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
It was the first homer allowed by Cubs starter Hector Rondon ( 5 - 3 ) this season . Votto hit a three - run homer off J. J. Hoover ( 7 - 0 ) in the ninth	True
Votto hit a three - run homer off J. J. Hoover ( 7 - 0 ) in the ninth . Kris Bryant hit a two - run homer off J. J. Hoover ( 7 - 0 ) in the eighth	False
Kris Bryant hit a two - run homer off J. J. Hoover ( 7 - 0 ) in the eighth to give the Cubs a 4 - 3 lead . Kris Bryant hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Jason Bourgeois led off the game with a home run and Anthony Rizzo hit a solo shot in the third	True
Tommy La Stella hit a solo homer for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Cubs starter Clayton Richard left with a 4 - 2 lead in the sixth	True
Tommy La Stella hit a solo homer for the Cubs , who have lost four of five . Cubs starter Clayton Richard left with a 4 - 2 lead in the sixth , and the Reds tied it in the ninth	False
Cubs starter Clayton Richard left with a 4 - 2 lead in the sixth , and the Reds tied it in the ninth on Votto 's two - out , three - run homer off Aroldis Chapman . It was Votto 's 19th homer of the season and second	False
He walked one and struck out two . The Blue Jays jumped on Bauer in the first	True
Donaldson hit a two - run double and Tulowitzki followed with an RBI single . Donaldson doubled and scored on Carlos Santana 's two - out single in the fourth	True
Donaldson hit a two - run double and Tulowitzki followed with an RBI single . Donaldson doubled and scored on Carlos Santana 's two - out single in the fourth , but the Blue Jays answered with three runs in the second	True
Donaldson hit a two - run double and Tulowitzki followed with an RBI single . The Blue Jays added two more in the second	True
The Blue Jays added two more in the second . Ben Revere reached on an infield single , stole second	False
Donaldson followed with a two - run double , and Tulowitzki followed with an RBI single . Donaldson hit a two - run double in the second	True
Donaldson hit a two - run double in the second and scored on Donaldson 's two - run double . Donaldson hit a two - run double in the second	True
Donaldson hit a two - run double in the second and scored on Tulowitzki 's sacrifice fly . Donaldson doubled home a run in the second	True
Michael Conforto hit a two - run homer for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Darnell Sweeney hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
He struck out six and walked none . Nelson ( 11 - 10 ) gave up a solo homer to Aramis Ramirez in the ninth	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the third time this season . De La Rosa was lifted for a pinch - hitter in the seventh	True
Josh Collmenter pitched the final two innings for his first career save . Scott Oberg ( 3 - 4 ) took the loss , allowing three runs in one - third	True
De La Rosa has allowed three runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . The Rockies took a 2 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first	True
The Diamondbacks tied it in the bottom half on a two - run double by Aaron Hill and a two - run homer by A. J. Pollock . Colorado tied it at 3 in the seventh	True
The right - hander , who signed a $ 55 million , four - year deal with the Royals in January , has a 1.00 ERA in his first three starts this season . The Royals , who won the first two games of the series , took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
He walked three and struck out two . Alcides Escobar had an RBI single in the fifth	True
He walked three and struck out two . Alcides Escobar had an RBI single in the fifth and Alex Gordon an RBI double in the eighth	False
Alcides Escobar had an RBI single in the fifth and Alex Gordon an RBI double in the eighth to make it 6 - 1 . Alex Gordon had an RBI double and Mike Moustakas an RBI single in the fifth	True
Alex Gordon had an RBI double and Mike Moustakas an RBI single in the fifth to make it 4 - 1 . The Mets added three runs in the eighth	True
Alex Gordon 's RBI double and Hosmer 's two - run single gave the Royals a 5 - 1 lead . Kansas City added three runs in the eighth	True
Chris Colabello and Salvador Perez also homered for the Blue Jays , who have won four of five . Tulowitzki had a three - run double in the sixth inning and a three - run double in the sixth	True
He walked four and struck out two . Colabello put the Blue Jays up 1 - 0 in the second	True
It was the first homer allowed by Volquez this season . The Blue Jays broke it open with a four - run sixth	True
Luis Valbuena hit a two - run homer in the second inning for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Morales hit a three - run homer off Dallas Keuchel in the eighth	True
The Astros have won five of their last six games , and the Royals have lost six of their past seven games . Houston 's Mike Fiers gave up a run and a hit in the fifth	True
Houston 's Mike Fiers gave up a run and a hit in the fifth , but the Astros could n't hold the lead . Mike Moustakas was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second	False
Mike Moustakas was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second on Alex Gordon 's single to center . The Royals , who have the worst record in the majors , took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
He walked one and struck out none . Josh Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Josh Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first for the Rangers , who have lost three of four . Chris Colabello hit a solo homer in the first	True
He struck out eight and walked two in his second complete game of the season . Albert Pujols hit a two - run homer off Garrett Richards ( 15 - 12 ) in the first inning and Adrian Beltre hit a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Beltre 's two - run homer in the fifth gave the Rangers a 3 - 2 lead . The Angels added three runs in the seventh	True
Cubs manager Joe Maddon was impressed with Hendricks . Hector Rondon pitched a perfect ninth	True
Sabathia ( 6 - 10 ) allowed one run and six hits in five innings , striking out three and walking three . Dellin Betances struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Mookie Betts had an RBI single for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Rob Refsnyder led off the eighth	True
Rob Refsnyder led off the eighth with a homer off Heath Hembree to make it 4 - 1 . Bird homered off Heath Hembree in the eighth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Boston this season . Beltran homered off Jean Machi to make it 4 - 1 in the seventh	True
Beltran homered off Jean Machi to make it 4 - 1 in the seventh . Jean Machi allowed two hits and a run in the eighth	True
Beltran homered off Jean Machi to make it 4 - 1 in the seventh . Jean Machi allowed two hits and a run in the eighth , and Adam Warren struck out the side in the eighth	False
Jean Machi allowed two hits and a run in the eighth , and Adam Warren struck out the side in the eighth . Adam Warren struck out three in three scoreless innings , and Dellin Betances worked a perfect ninth	True
Adam Warren struck out three in three scoreless innings , and Dellin Betances worked a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 chances . Boston 's Alex Rodriguez extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first	True
He walked none and struck out one . Mitch Moreland hit a three - run homer in the third	True
Mitch Moreland hit a three - run homer in the third for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Albert Pujols hit a solo homer in the ninth	False
The Angels had a season - high 16 hits , including four in the third inning . The Angels had a season - high 16 hits , including three in the third	True
The Angels had a season - high 16 hits , including four in the third inning . The Angels had a season - high 16 hits , including three in the third , and a sacrifice fly by Nomar Mazara in the third	True
The Angels had a season - high 16 hits , including three in the third , and a sacrifice fly by Nomar Mazara in the third . Adrian Beltre had an RBI single in the third	True
The Angels had a season - high 16 hits , including three in the third , and a sacrifice fly by Nomar Mazara in the third . Adrian Beltre had an RBI single in the third and Nomar Mazara had a sacrifice fly in the third	False
The right - hander struck out five and walked one in his second start since coming off the 15 - day disabled list with a strained right lat muscle . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Yasmani Grandal 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Yasiel Puig . Realmuto tied it 1 - 1 in the second	True
Realmuto tied it 1 - 1 in the second with his second homer of the season . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Prado and a run - scoring single by Yasiel Puig . The Dodgers tied it 2 - all in the seventh	True
The Dodgers tied it 2 - all in the seventh on Dee Gordon 's RBI single with two outs . Gordon 's two - out RBI single tied the score at 2 - all in the seventh	False
Gordon 's two - out RBI single tied the score at 2 - all in the seventh , but Stanton made it 5 - 2 with a drive to left - center on a 1 - 1 pitch from Ross . It was Stanton 's 22nd homer of the season and second	False
He struck out three and walked one . Robinson Cano hit a solo home run in the first inning and Adam Lind added a solo shot in the sixth	True
Altuve hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Hisashi Feliz to give the Astros a 1 - 0 lead . Altuve doubled in the third	True
Altuve doubled in the third and scored on Gattis ' sacrifice fly . Altuve doubled in the third	True
Altuve doubled in the third and scored on a single by Carlos Correa to make it 3 - 1 . Altuve doubled in the third	True
Altuve doubled in the third and scored on a single by Colby Rasmus to make it 3 - 1 . Altuve doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Ketel Marte in the fifth	True
He struck out three and walked two . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out nine and walked two . Zach Britton pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander struck out nine and walked two . Joey Rickard hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Joey Rickard hit a three - run homer in the fifth for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Tampa Bay went ahead 3 - 0 in the fifth	True
Joey Rickard hit a three - run homer in the fifth for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Tampa Bay went ahead 3 - 0 in the fifth when Jonathan Schoop hit a one - out single , stole second	False
Tampa Bay went ahead 3 - 0 in the fifth when Jonathan Schoop hit a one - out single , stole second and scored on Rickard 's two - out , three - run homer off Matt Moore ( 1 - 2 ) . Baltimore went ahead 3 - 0 on Rickard 's three - run homer in the fifth	True
Baltimore went ahead 3 - 0 on Rickard 's three - run homer in the fifth . Rickard hit a three - run homer off Moore in the fifth	True
Rickard hit a three - run homer off Moore in the fifth to make it 3 - 0 . Tampa Bay loaded the bases with one out in the seventh	False
Tampa Bay loaded the bases with one out in the seventh , but Ryan Webb came on and retired Rickard on a fly ball to end the threat . Baltimore 's Logan Morrison extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first	True
Baltimore 's Logan Morrison extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first . He was replaced by pinch - runner Brandon Guyer , who reached on a fielder 's choice in the ninth	True
Brian McCann hit a two - run homer , Jacoby Ellsbury added a two - run single and the Yankees beat the Tampa Bay Rays 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Ivan Nova ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win , and Andrew Miller pitched the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out two . The Rays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Rays took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Logan Forsythe and a run - scoring single by Brandon Guyer . Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Teixeira and a two - run homer by McCann . Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Teixeira and a two - run homer by McCann . Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Jacoby Ellsbury and a two - run homer by McCann . Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
Brandon Crawford had an RBI single and Justin Bour an RBI single to make it 3 - 1 . The Giants scored three runs in the fifth	True
Houston starter Collin McHugh ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 10 hits and five runs in four - plus innings . He was replaced by Craig Kimbrel , who got the last out in the ninth	True
Betts doubled in the first inning and scored on a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia . Hanley Ramirez had a sacrifice fly in the first	True
Betts doubled in the first inning and scored on a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia . Hanley Ramirez had a sacrifice fly in the first , and Betts had an RBI double in the second	True
Hanley Ramirez had a sacrifice fly in the first , and Betts had an RBI double in the second . Betts had an RBI double in the second	True
Hanley Ramirez had a sacrifice fly in the first , and Betts had an RBI double in the second . Betts had an RBI double in the second and a run - scoring double in the fourth	False
The Red Sox scored a run in the first inning on a single by Brock Holt and an RBI double by Dustin Pedroia . Betts had an RBI double in the second	True
The Red Sox scored a run in the first inning on a single by Brock Holt and an RBI double by Dustin Pedroia . Betts had an RBI double in the second and a run - scoring double in the fourth	True
Betts had an RBI double in the second and a run - scoring double in the fourth to push the lead to 5 - 0 . Xander Bogaerts added a run - scoring double in the seventh	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Padres scored three runs in the seventh	True
Francisco Cervelli hit a two - run single and John Jaso an RBI double to make it 7 - 0 . Jon Jay had an RBI single in the eighth	True
Francisco Cervelli hit a two - run single and John Jaso an RBI double to make it 7 - 0 . Jon Jay had an RBI single in the eighth , and Sean Rodriguez drew a bases - loaded walk in the seventh	True
Cano hit a three - run homer with two outs in the 10th inning , lifting the Mariners to a 10 - 7 win over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Cano hit a two - out , three - run homer off Cody Allen ( 0 - 1 ) in the 10th	True
Cano hit a two - out , three - run homer off Cody Allen ( 0 - 1 ) in the 10th to give the Mariners a 10 - 7 win over the Indians on Tuesday night . Cano hit a three - run homer in the 10th inning off Cody Benoit , and Mike Napoli added a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Cano hit a three - run homer in the 10th inning off Cody Benoit , and Mike Napoli added a two - run shot in the eighth to make it 7 - 7 . Tony Zych ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Tony Zych ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Steve Cishek pitched a perfect 10th	True
The right - hander struck out three and walked none . The Indians scored three runs in the fourth	True
Adam Lind led off with a single and Clevenger followed with his first homer of the season , a two - run shot . Nelson Cruz added a bases - loaded walk in the fourth	True
Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the bottom half . Rickard led off with a single , stole second	False
Toronto tied it in the bottom half on an RBI single by Machado . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Rickard led off with a single , stole second	False
He walked five and struck out two . Mike Moustakas hit a solo home run in the fourth	True
Kansas City scored in the first inning on Lorenzo Cain 's RBI single , and Escobar 's sacrifice fly in the fourth made it 2 - 0 . Kansas City added a run in the fourth	True
He struck out 10 , walked two and hit a batter . Jayson Werth hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Wilson Ramos hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Wilson Ramos hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Ryan Zimmerman hit a solo homer in the seventh	False
Ryan Zimmerman hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Harper hit a three - run homer off Chris Narveson in the seventh	True
The Angels have won five of their last six games against the White Sox , who have won four of five . Carlos Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) gave up five runs and six hits in one - third	True
The White Sox were shut out for the third time this season . The White Sox scored five runs in the first inning off Carlos Rodon ( 1 - 2 ) , who allowed five runs and six hits in one - third	True
Kole Calhoun had an RBI single and Johnny Giavotella added a run - scoring single to make it 5 - 0 . The Angels made it 6 - 0 in the third	True
He struck out six and walked one . Josh Reddick hit a three - run homer in the first inning , and Stephen Vogt added a solo shot in the seventh	True
He walked two and struck out none . Dillon Gee came on to start the seventh	True
He walked two and struck out none . Dillon Gee came on to start the seventh and gave up Vogt 's homer leading off the seventh	True
It was Vogt 's first home run of the season . The A 's added an insurance run in the ninth	True
The A 's added an insurance run in the ninth on Alcides Escobar 's two - out RBI single . Ryan Madson pitched the ninth	True
Ryan Madson pitched the ninth for his third save . He allowed a run in the ninth	True
He allowed a run in the ninth before getting his third save in four chances . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The right - hander struck out five , walked three and hit a batter . Marcus Semien homered in the eighth	True
He walked four and struck out one . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Calhoun 's RBI single in the fifth gave the Angels a 2 - 0 lead . The Angels added a run in the eighth	False
The Angels added a run in the eighth on Pujols ' two - run single off Liam Hendriks . Pujols hit a two - run single off Fernando Salas in the ninth	True
Pujols hit a two - run single off Fernando Salas in the ninth to make it 5 - 1 . Trout doubled leading off the third	True
Trout doubled leading off the third and scored on Calhoun 's two - out single . Calhoun added an RBI single in the fifth	True
Calhoun added an RBI single in the fifth to make it 2 - 0 . Trout doubled leading off the third	True
Trout doubled leading off the third and scored on Calhoun 's single . The A 's had a chance to score in the fourth	True
Trout doubled leading off the third and scored on Calhoun 's single . The A 's had a chance to score in the fourth when Trout led off with a single and advanced to third	False
Upton had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the first inning . He had a run - scoring double in the second	True
Upton had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the first inning . He had a run - scoring double in the second and a two - run homer in the sixth	True
He had a run - scoring double in the second and a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 8 - 2 . Upton had four hits , including a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Upton had four hits , including a two - run homer in the sixth that put the Tigers ahead 6 - 2 . Upton had four hits , including a solo homer in the first	True
Upton had four hits , including a two - run homer in the sixth that put the Tigers ahead 6 - 2 . Upton had four hits , including a solo homer in the first , and a two - run single in the sixth	True
Upton had four hits , including a solo homer in the first , and a two - run single in the sixth . He had a two - run double in the sixth	True
Upton had four hits , including a solo homer in the first , and a two - run single in the sixth . He had a two - run double in the sixth and a two - run homer in the sixth	True
He had a two - run double in the sixth and a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 8 - 2 . Kinsler homered in the seventh	False
He struck out six and walked three . Trout hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
He struck out six and walked three . Daniel Nava hit an RBI single in the sixth	True
Daniel Nava hit an RBI single in the sixth for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Andrelton Simmons hit an RBI single in the eighth	True
Andrelton Simmons hit an RBI single in the eighth for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Marcus Semien hit an RBI single with two outs in the ninth	False
Oakland 's Albert Pujols was 1 - for - 3 with a walk and a stolen base . He stole his first base of the season and scored on Trout 's two - run homer in the sixth	True
He stole his first base of the season and scored on Trout 's two - run homer in the sixth . Trout hit a two - run shot in the sixth	True
He struck out five and walked three . David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out six and walked three . Jonathan Papelbon pitched a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth	True
Washington tied it in the bottom of the inning on a sacrifice fly by Danny Espinosa . The Nationals tied it in the bottom of the inning on Ryan Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly and Ramos ' two - out RBI single in the fifth	True
The Nationals tied it in the bottom of the inning on Ryan Zimmerman 's sacrifice fly and Ramos ' two - out RBI single in the fifth . Ramos added an RBI single in the seventh	False
Machado went 4 - for - 4 with a home run and two doubles , including a two - run homer in the second inning that gave the Orioles a 4 - 0 lead . Machado hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a two - run shot in the second	True
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on an RBI double by Jonathan Schoop and a sacrifice fly by Joey Rickard . Tampa Bay went up 2 - 0 in the second	True
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on an RBI double by Jonathan Schoop and a sacrifice fly by Joey Rickard . Tampa Bay went up 2 - 0 in the second when Machado hit a two - run homer , his first	False
Tampa Bay went up 2 - 0 in the second when Machado hit a two - run homer , his first of the season , and Corey Dickerson 's solo shot in the fourth made it 4 - 1 . The Orioles took a 4 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Orioles took a 4 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring single by Steve Pearce and a sacrifice fly by Joey Rickard . Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out nine and walked four . Jeremy Jeffress pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked six . Jose Altuve hit a leadoff homer in the first	True
He struck out eight and walked six . Jose Altuve hit a leadoff homer in the first and Preston Tucker homered in the fifth	True
He walked four and struck out four . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Matt Carpenter and a run - scoring single by Nick Markakis . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Matt Carpenter and a sacrifice fly by Jeremy Hazelbaker . The Cardinals added three runs in the third	True
The Cardinals added three runs in the third . Wong led off with a single , stole second	False
Carpenter followed with a run - scoring double to make it 2 - 0 . The Cardinals added three runs in the third	True
The Cardinals added three runs in the third . Erick Aybar led off with a single , stole second	False
Erick Aybar led off with a single , stole second and scored on Brandon Moss ' sacrifice fly . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Matt Carpenter and a run - scoring single by Freddie Freeman . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	False
The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Matt Carpenter and a run - scoring single by Jeremy Hazelbaker . The Braves added three runs in the third	True
The Braves added three runs in the third . Stephen Piscotty led off with a single , stole second	False
Stephen Piscotty led off with a single , stole second and scored on a double by Matt Carpenter . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
-- Salvador Perez and the Kansas City Royals ' bullpen could n't hold it . Perez hit a go - ahead triple in the eighth inning and scored the go - ahead run on Omar Infante 's sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
Perez hit a go - ahead triple in the eighth inning and scored the go - ahead run on Omar Infante 's sacrifice fly in the eighth , leading the Royals to a 4 - 3 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Salvador Perez had an RBI triple in the eighth	True
Salvador Perez had an RBI triple in the eighth and scored on Omar Infante 's sacrifice fly . Wade Davis worked the ninth	True
They have n't won a series since taking two of three from the Chicago White Sox in a three - game series at Kansas City on opening day . Eduardo Escobar singled in a run in the second	True
They have n't won a series since taking two of three from the Chicago White Sox in a three - game series at Kansas City on opening day . Eduardo Escobar singled in a run in the second , and Rey Fuentes hit a two - out , two - run single in the second	True
Rey Fuentes ' two - out , two - run single in the second gave the Royals a 2 - 1 lead . The Royals tied it in the sixth	True
Josh Harrison hit a sacrifice fly and John Jaso an RBI single for the Cardinals . Jordy Mercer hit an RBI double in the eighth	True
Josh Harrison hit a sacrifice fly and John Jaso an RBI single for the Cardinals . Jordy Mercer hit an RBI double in the eighth and Matt Carpenter added a run - scoring single in the ninth	True
Jordy Mercer hit an RBI double in the eighth and Matt Carpenter added a run - scoring single in the ninth off Seth Maness to make it 4 - 0 . St. Louis scored in the second	True
St. Louis scored in the second on Josh Harrison 's sacrifice fly and David Freese 's two - out single . Cervelli doubled in the sixth	True
Cervelli doubled in the sixth and scored on a sacrifice fly by Josh Harrison . Cervelli doubled in the sixth	True
Cervelli doubled in the sixth and scored on a double by Josh Harrison . Polanco added a run - scoring double in the eighth	False
Cervelli doubled in the sixth and scored on a double by Josh Harrison . Polanco added a run - scoring double in the eighth and Matt Carpenter added a run - scoring single in the ninth	False
Brandon Belt and Nick Markakis had two hits each for the Braves , who have won four of five . Brandon Belt hit a solo homer in the second inning and Mallex Smith had a three - run triple in the second	True
He struck out four and walked two . Arodys Vizcaino gave up two runs , one earned , and three hits in the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Giants took a 3 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Giants took a 3 - 1 lead in the second on Nick Markakis ' run - scoring fielder 's choice and Smith 's run - scoring fielder 's choice . The Giants added a run in the third	True
The Giants added a run in the third on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Mallex Smith and a run - scoring single by Kelly Johnson . The Giants added three runs in the third	True
Belt led off the inning with his second homer of the season . The Braves added a run in the third	True
The Braves added a run in the third on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Jarrett Parker . The Giants added a run in the third	False
The Giants added a run in the third on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Kelly Johnson , who had a sacrifice fly . Kelly Johnson 's sacrifice fly made it 5 - 1 in the third	True
Dae-Ho Lee hit a three - run homer , Kyle Seager hit a go - ahead two - run shot and the Mariners beat the San Diego Padres 9 - 3 on Tuesday night . Lee hit a three - run homer off Andrew Cashner ( 2 - 5 ) in the sixth inning and added a three - run shot in the eighth	True
Lee hit a three - run homer off Andrew Cashner ( 2 - 5 ) in the sixth inning and added a three - run shot in the eighth . Dae-Ho Lee added a three - run homer in the eighth	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Padres had a chance to take the lead in the eighth	True
The Padres had a chance to take the lead in the eighth , loading the bases with one out before Ryan Buchter struck out pinch - hitter Shawn O'Malley to end the inning . Ryan Buchter retired the only batter he faced , Brad Hand got the final two outs of the eighth	True
Ryan Buchter retired the only batter he faced , Brad Hand got the final two outs of the eighth . Brad Hand got the final two outs in the eighth	True
Ryan Buchter retired the only batter he faced , Brad Hand got the final two outs of the eighth . Brad Hand got the final two outs in the eighth and Joaquin Benoit worked a perfect eighth	True
Brad Hand got the final two outs in the eighth and Joaquin Benoit worked a perfect eighth . The Mariners had a chance to score in the eighth	True
The Mariners had a chance to score in the eighth when Alexei Ramirez hit a two - out RBI single off Joel Peralta . The Padres had runners on first	False
The Mariners had a chance to score in the eighth when Alexei Ramirez hit a two - out RBI single off Joel Peralta . The Padres had runners on first and second	False
The Mariners had a chance to score in the eighth when Alexei Ramirez hit a two - out RBI single off Joel Peralta . The Padres had runners on first and second with two outs in the eighth	True
The Padres had runners on first and second with two outs in the eighth , but Joaquin Benoit struck out Seth Smith to end the threat . The Padres had a chance to score in the eighth	True
He walked one and struck out four . Ryan Goins hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Lorenzo Cain and Adam Eaton had three hits apiece for the Royals , who have won five of six . Cain hit a solo homer off Nate Jones ( 2 - 1 ) with one out in the eighth	True
It was Cain 's first home run since July 26 , 2011 , at Kansas City . Chris Young ( 2 - 5 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Chris Young ( 2 - 5 ) pitched a perfect eighth for the win . Wade Davis pitched a perfect ninth	False
He struck out seven and walked two . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Adam Eaton and a run - scoring single by Austin Jackson . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Dioner Navarro and a run - scoring single by Adam Eaton . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Hosmer and a run - scoring single by Adam Eaton . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Cain and a run - scoring single by Adam Eaton . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	False
He struck out six and walked one . Brandon Moss hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Brandon Moss hit a solo homer in the fourth for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Ramos had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Ramos had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth . He had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth	False
He had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth . Werth 's pinch - hit grand slam capped a five - run burst in the seventh	True
It was the first pinch - hit homer of his career . Ramos had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Ramos had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth . He had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth	False
Dylan Bundy ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win . Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth	True
Zach Britton pitched a perfect ninth for his 13th save . Zach McAllister ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and three hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth	True
Zach McAllister ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and three hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Mark Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
The Indians took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning on Machado 's RBI single and Jonathan Schoop 's two - run single . The Orioles took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
Machado followed with an RBI single , and Trumbo followed with a two - run homer . Napoli led off the fourth	True
Napoli led off the fourth with a homer to cut the lead to 3 - 2 . Napoli led off the fourth	True
Napoli led off the fourth with a homer to cut the lead to 3 - 2 . The Orioles tied it in the fifth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 4.84 ERA in his last five starts . Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth	True
He struck out a career - high 11 and walked one . Yasmani Grandal hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Angels starter Deolis Guerra gave up four runs and three hits in 2 1/3 innings , his shortest outing of the season . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Yunel Escobar led off with a double and scored on a single by Kole Calhoun . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Mitch Moreland 's RBI double in the third gave the Angels a 6 - 4 lead , and Mazara 's two - run single in the seventh gave the Rangers a 13 - 6 lead . Beltre 's two - run single capped a three - run sixth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit a solo homer and drove in two runs , Jordan Zimmermann pitched effectively into the sixth inning and the Detroit Tigers beat the Tampa Bay Rays 9 - 4 on Tuesday night . Miguel Cabrera homered and drove in two runs , and Tim Beckham hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Miguel Cabrera homered and drove in two runs , and Tim Beckham hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Rays . Victor Martinez added a two - run shot in the eighth	False
He walked one and struck out four . Logan Morrison hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Logan Morrison hit a two - run homer in the second for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . The Rays scored two runs in the first	True
Logan Morrison hit a two - run homer in the second for Tampa Bay , which has lost four of five . The Rays scored two runs in the first and two in the second	False
The Rays scored two runs in the first and two in the second . Martinez hit a two - run homer off Drew VerHagen to make it 6 - 4 in the eighth	True
Martinez hit a two - run homer off Drew VerHagen to make it 6 - 4 in the eighth . Maybin had a two - run single in the third	True
Martinez hit a two - run homer off Drew VerHagen to make it 6 - 4 in the eighth . Maybin had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third	True
Maybin had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third to make it 6 - 2 . Beckham hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Maybin had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third to make it 6 - 2 . Beckham hit a two - run homer in the seventh to make it 6 - 4 , and Beckham hit a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Beckham hit a two - run homer in the seventh to make it 6 - 4 , and Beckham hit a two - run shot in the eighth to make it 6 - 4 . Maybin had a two - run single in the third	True
Beckham hit a two - run homer in the seventh to make it 6 - 4 , and Beckham hit a two - run shot in the eighth to make it 6 - 4 . Maybin had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third	True
He struck out four and walked two . David Robertson pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out nine and walked one . Justin Bour hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Justin Bour hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Marlins , who have won four of their past five games . Ramos gave up a run - scoring single to pinch - hitter Wilson Ramos in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Miami tied it in the bottom half on a two - out , two - run single by Daniel Murphy . Washington tied it in the bottom half on a two - run homer by Bour , his second	False
Washington tied it in the bottom half on a two - run homer by Bour , his second of the season . The Marlins tied it at 1 in the bottom of the inning when Ozuna singled , stole second	False
Cabrera hit two of Tampa Bay 's four home runs , Matt Andriese won for the first time in four starts and the Rays beat the Detroit Tigers 7 - 5 on Tuesday night . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third inning and a solo shot in the seventh	True
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third inning and a solo shot in the seventh . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third inning and a solo shot in the seventh . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third and a solo shot in the seventh	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third and a solo shot in the seventh . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third and a solo shot in the seventh . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the third	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the third . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the third . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the third	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the third . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the third . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third and a solo shot off Erasmo Ramirez in the seventh	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third and a solo shot off Erasmo Ramirez in the seventh . Cabrera hit a two - run homer off Anibal Sanchez ( 3 - 5 ) in the third	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third and a solo shot off Erasmo Ramirez in the seventh . Cabrera hit a two - run homer off Anibal Sanchez ( 3 - 5 ) in the third and a two - run shot in the third	False
Cabrera hit a two - run homer off Anibal Sanchez ( 3 - 5 ) in the third and a two - run shot in the third . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the third	True
He walked two and struck out three . Alex Colome pitched the ninth	True
Detroit took a 3 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring double by Corey Dickerson and a run - scoring single by Logan Morrison . Tampa Bay took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out three and walked one . The A 's scored three runs in the fourth	True
Matt McBride 's RBI single made it 1 - 0 , and Beltran followed with a two - run double to make it 5 - 1 . Beltran doubled in a run in the sixth	True
Beltran doubled in a run in the sixth to make it 6 - 1 . Ellsbury added a two - run triple in the ninth	False
Ellsbury added a two - run triple in the ninth against Chasen Shreve . Jake Smolinski drove in Oakland 's only run with an RBI groundout in the ninth	True
Jake Smolinski drove in Oakland 's only run with an RBI groundout in the ninth . The A 's scored their first run in the second	True
Jake Lamb had two hits and scored twice for the Cardinals , who have lost five of six . Jake Barrett got the last out in the ninth	True
Jake Barrett got the last out in the ninth for his first save of the season . Evan Barrett hit a two - out single in the ninth	True
Evan Barrett hit a two - out single in the ninth for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Evan Molina had a two - out single in the seventh	True
Evan Molina had a two - out single in the seventh for St. Louis , which has lost four of five . The Cardinals scored three runs in the eighth	True
The Cardinals scored three runs in the eighth to make it 11 - 7 . Drury hit a solo homer in the ninth	False
The Cardinals scored three runs in the eighth to make it 11 - 7 . Drury hit a solo homer in the ninth and Aledmys Diaz had a run - scoring single off Evan Marshall in the eighth	True
Drury hit a solo homer in the ninth and Aledmys Diaz had a run - scoring single off Evan Marshall in the eighth to make it 11 - 4 . Evan Molina singled with one out in the ninth	False
Evan Molina singled with one out in the ninth , but Jake Barrett struck out pinch - hitter Phil Gosselin to end the game . The Cardinals scored twice in the ninth	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit a go - ahead single in the 11th inning and the Blue Jays beat the Minnesota Twins 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Troy Tulowitzki hit a go - ahead single in the 11th inning and Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
He struck out nine and walked one . Joe Biagini pitched the 11th	True
Joe Biagini pitched the 11th for his first major league save . Biagini allowed one hit in a scoreless ninth	True
Toronto 's Roberto Osuna ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Roberto Osuna ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Joe Biagini pitched the 11th	True
Roberto Osuna ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Joe Biagini pitched the 11th for his first career save . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Roberto Osuna ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win and Joe Biagini pitched the 11th for his first career save . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Joe Mauer 's two - out RBI single , but the Blue Jays tied it in the third	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Joe Mauer 's two - out RBI single , but the Blue Jays tied it in the third . Encarnacion hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Encarnacion hit a two - run homer in the sixth to tie the game at 2 . It was the first home run of the season for Encarnacion , who hit a two - run shot in the sixth	True
Adeiny Hechavarria had three hits and scored twice for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Miami took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Miami took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Tyler Goeddel . The Phillies tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
Ozuna hit a solo homer in the second inning to give the Marlins a 1 - 0 lead . Miami tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
It was Raburn 's first pinch - hit home run of the season . Raburn 's pinch - hit homer off Jim Henderson ( 0 - 2 ) gave the Rockies a 4 - 3 lead in the seventh	True
It was Raburn 's first pinch - hit homer of the season , and the first pinch - hit homer of his career . Jake McGee pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out four and walked three . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Mets tied it in the bottom half on a solo homer by Yoenis Cespedes and a run - scoring single by DJ LeMahieu . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Rangers won for the seventh time in nine games . Desmond had a two - out RBI single in the second inning and Desmond had a solo homer in the sixth	True
Desmond had a two - out RBI single in the second inning and Desmond had a solo homer in the sixth for a 2 - 1 lead . Adrian Beltre hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Matt Bush ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Sam Dyson pitched the ninth	True
Sam Dyson pitched the ninth for his second save . Jesse Chavez ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and two hits in one - third	True
Jesse Chavez ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and two hits in one - third of an inning . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Michael Saunders . Toronto tied it in the third	True
Toronto tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Russell Martin . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on a bases - loaded sacrifice fly by Pillar , who had two hits and two stolen bases . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The right - hander struck out seven , walked three and hit a batter . Juan Rosario hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Juan Rosario hit a two - run homer in the fifth for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Yan Gomes hit a solo homer in the ninth	False
Cleveland 's Yan Gomes hit a solo homer in the ninth off Kevin Jepsen . Miguel Sano had an RBI single in the ninth	False
Cleveland 's Yan Gomes hit a solo homer in the ninth off Kevin Jepsen . Miguel Sano had an RBI single in the ninth , and Danny Santana added a run - scoring single in the ninth	False
Miguel Sano had an RBI single in the ninth , and Danny Santana added a run - scoring single in the ninth . Miguel Sano had an RBI single in the ninth	False
Miguel Sano had an RBI single in the ninth , and Danny Santana added a run - scoring single in the ninth . Miguel Sano had an RBI single in the ninth , and Francisco Lindor added an RBI single in the ninth	False
Miguel Sano had an RBI single in the ninth , and Francisco Lindor added an RBI single in the ninth for the Twins , who have won four of five . Cleveland 's Joe Mauer extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the third	True
The Indians have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 since the All-Star break . Cleveland 's Jose Ramirez , who had an RBI single in the fourth	True
The Indians have lost five of six and are 2 - 5 since the All-Star break . Cleveland 's Jose Ramirez , who had an RBI single in the fourth , had an RBI single in the fourth	True
Cleveland 's Jose Ramirez , who had an RBI single in the fourth , had an RBI single in the fourth . The Indians added a run in the sixth	True
He walked two and struck out three . Addison Russell hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Addison Russell hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Rizzo hit a three - run homer off Jeff Hughes in the fourth	True
Addison Russell hit a two - run homer in the sixth for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Rizzo hit a three - run homer off Jeff Hughes in the fourth and added an RBI single in the eighth	False
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead on Jean Segura 's RBI single in the fifth	True
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead on Jean Segura 's RBI single in the fifth . Jean Segura singled in a run in the fifth	True
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead on Jean Segura 's RBI single in the fifth . Jean Segura singled in a run in the fifth , and Panik hit a three - run homer off Shelby Miller ( 1 - 4 ) in the sixth	False
Jean Segura singled in a run in the fifth , and Panik hit a three - run homer off Shelby Miller ( 1 - 4 ) in the sixth to give the Giants a 3 - 1 lead . Joe Panik hit a three - run homer off Shelby Miller ( 1 - 4 ) in the sixth	True
Joe Panik hit a three - run homer off Shelby Miller ( 1 - 4 ) in the sixth to give the Giants a 3 - 1 lead . Joe Panik hit a three - run homer in the sixth	True
Panik 's RBI single in the fifth gave the Giants a 1 - 0 lead . Panik hit a three - run homer in the sixth	True
Panik hit a two - run homer off Miller in the sixth inning to give the Giants a 3 - 1 lead . Panik hit a two - run homer off Miller in the sixth	True
Panik hit a two - run homer off Miller in the sixth to give the Giants a 3 - 1 lead . It was Panik 's fourth homer of the season and second	False
It was Panik 's fourth homer of the season and second in two days . Panik hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth	True
The Yankees have won four straight and seven of eight . Gordon hit a two - run homer off Ian Kennedy ( 4 - 3 ) in the second inning and a two - run shot in the fourth	True
It was the first time this season the Yankees hit back - to - back homers for the first time this season . Gregorius hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
It was the first time this season the Yankees hit back - to - back homers for the first time this season . Gregorius hit a two - run shot in the fourth , and Castro hit a two - out RBI single in the seventh	True
He walked two and struck out three . Scott Alexander pitched the eighth	True
He walked two and struck out three . Scott Alexander pitched the eighth and Dellin Betances worked a perfect eighth	True
Scott Alexander pitched the eighth and Dellin Betances worked a perfect eighth . Chien-Ming Wang gave up a two - out RBI single to Brian McCann in the seventh	True
Scott Alexander pitched the eighth and Dellin Betances worked a perfect eighth . Chien-Ming Wang gave up a two - out RBI single to Brian McCann in the seventh , and Andrew Miller pitched a perfect eighth	True
Scott Alexander pitched the eighth and Dellin Betances worked a perfect eighth . Chien-Ming Wang gave up a two - out RBI single to Brian McCann in the seventh , and Andrew Miller pitched a perfect eighth , and Dellin Betances worked a perfect eighth	False
The right - hander is 0 - 4 with a < unk > ERA in his last five starts . The Yankees scored three times in the fourth	True
He struck out a season - high 10 and walked three . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth for his 10th save . Christian Bethancourt hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Chris Davis had four hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in four runs to lead the Orioles to a 9 - 2 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Davis had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and added an RBI double in the sixth	True
Davis had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second inning , and added an RBI double in the sixth . He also had a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the seventh	True
Tyler Wilson ( 2 - 1 ) allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings for the Orioles , who have won four of five . Trumbo hit a two - run homer off Phil Hughes ( 1 - 6 ) in the second inning and added a solo shot in the fourth	True
Trumbo hit a two - run homer off Phil Hughes ( 1 - 6 ) in the second inning and added a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a two - run shot in the second inning , a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Trumbo hit a two - run homer off Phil Hughes ( 1 - 6 ) in the second inning and added a solo shot in the fourth . He also hit a two - run shot in the second inning , a two - run shot in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the sixth	True
He also hit a two - run shot in the second inning , a two - run shot in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the sixth . Davis had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second	True
He also hit a two - run shot in the second inning , a two - run shot in the fourth and a run - scoring double in the sixth . Davis had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second , and a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the seventh	True
Davis had four hits , including a two - run homer in the second , and a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the seventh . Jones hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Jones hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Brandon Kintzler to make it 9 - 2 . Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Davis added a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Davis added a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Orioles a 5 - 1 lead . Davis hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Trumbo hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Davis added a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Orioles a 5 - 1 lead . Davis hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Davis added a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the seventh	True
Davis hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Davis added a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the seventh . Jones hit a two - run homer in the ninth	False
Houston had a chance to score in the second inning when Napoli led off with a double and scored on a double by Juan Uribe to make it 1 - 0 . Lonnie Chisenhall 's RBI double made it 2 - 0 in the second	True
Lonnie Chisenhall 's RBI double made it 2 - 0 in the second . The Astros added a run in the eighth	True
Dae-Ho Lee hit a three - run homer and Wade Miley pitched six strong innings to lead the Mariners to a 6 - 4 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Pearce hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the seventh	True
Steve Cishek got four outs for his 11th save in 12 chances . Franklin Gutierrez hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Dae-Ho Lee added a three - run shot in the fourth	True
He struck out six and walked one . Steven Souza Jr. hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
De La Rosa was lifted for a pinch - hitter in the eighth inning . He gave up a run - scoring single to Jean Segura and a run - scoring double to Nick Ahmed , then retired the side in order in the eighth	True
He gave up a run - scoring single to Jean Segura and a run - scoring double to Nick Ahmed , then retired the side in order in the eighth . Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect eighth	True
Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect eighth and Christian Bergman allowed three hits in two scoreless innings . Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth	True
Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect eighth and Christian Bergman allowed three hits in two scoreless innings . Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth and Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect eighth	False
Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth and Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect eighth . Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth	False
Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth and Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect eighth . Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth and Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect eighth	False
Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth and Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect eighth . Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth	False
Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth and Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect eighth . Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth and Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect eighth	False
Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth and Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect eighth . Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth	False
Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth and Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect eighth . Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth and Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect eighth	False
Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth and Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect eighth . Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth	False
Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth and Brad Ziegler pitched a perfect eighth . Daniel Hudson got the last two outs of the eighth and Brad Ziegler worked a perfect eighth	True
He struck out four and walked two . Chris Owings had an RBI double in the sixth	True
He struck out four and walked two . Chris Owings had an RBI double in the sixth and a run - scoring double in the sixth	True
Chris Owings had an RBI double in the sixth and a run - scoring double in the sixth . Goldschmidt homered off reliever Jake McGee in the seventh	False
Goldschmidt homered off reliever Jake McGee in the seventh to make it 5 - 0 . Goldschmidt hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
The Blue Jays were shut out for the third time this season . Tulowitzki hit a solo homer in the second	True
The Blue Jays were shut out for the third time this season . Tulowitzki hit a solo homer in the second and Tulowitzki added a two - out RBI double in the ninth	True
Tulowitzki hit a solo homer in the second and Tulowitzki added a two - out RBI double in the ninth . Russell Martin added an RBI single in the ninth	False
The right - hander has allowed two runs or fewer in five of his last six starts . Zach Britton worked the ninth	True
The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third	True
Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third when Manny Machado led off with a double and scored on a single by Josh Phegley . Baltimore went up 5 - 0 in the third	True
Baltimore went up 5 - 0 in the third on a run - scoring single by Adam Jones and a run - scoring groundout by Hyun Soo Kim . Davis hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Baltimore went up 5 - 0 in the third on a run - scoring single by Adam Jones and a run - scoring groundout by Hyun Soo Kim . Davis hit a two - run homer in the third , and Davis hit a two - run shot in the third	True
Davis hit a two - run homer in the third , and Davis hit a two - run shot in the third to make it 4 - 0 . Davis hit a two - run homer in the third	False
Davis hit a two - run homer in the third , and Davis hit a two - run shot in the third to make it 4 - 0 . Davis hit a two - run homer in the third , and Davis hit a two - run shot in the third	False
Davis hit a two - run homer in the third , and Davis hit a two - run shot in the third to make it 4 - 0 . The Orioles closed to 5 - 2 in the fifth	False
He struck out five and walked two . Ben Zobrist hit a three - run homer off Juan Nicasio ( 3 - 3 ) in the third inning and Matt Joyce added a two - run shot in the seventh	True
He walked three and struck out three . Rizzo led off the seventh	True
The right - hander was 0 - 2 with a < unk > ERA in his first three starts against the Rockies this season . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run double by Matt Kemp and a run - scoring double by Nick Hundley . Jon Jay singled with one out in the fourth	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run double by Matt Kemp and a run - scoring double by Nick Hundley . Jon Jay singled with one out in the fourth , stole second	False
It was the second time this season the Padres have hit back - to - back home runs . The Rockies tied the game in the fourth	True
Nick Hundley followed with an RBI double to pull Colorado to 2 - 1 . The Rockies had runners on first	False
Nick Hundley followed with an RBI double to pull Colorado to 2 - 1 . The Rockies had runners on first and second	False
Nick Hundley followed with an RBI double to pull Colorado to 2 - 1 . The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
The Rockies had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Brandon Maurer got Alexei Ramirez to ground into an inning - ending double play . Ryan Buchter struck out the side in the eighth	False
He struck out six and walked two . Pence hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He struck out six and walked two . Pence hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Posey added a solo shot in the eighth	False
He struck out four and walked one . Wade Davis pitched the ninth	True
Kendrys Morales had three hits , including a solo homer , for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Morales homered off Tyler Lyons with two outs in the eighth	True
He struck out three and walked three . Kim hit his first homer of the season leading off the seventh	True
The Mariners scored in the first inning on Robinson Cano 's two - out single and a two - out walk to Kyle Seager . Smith hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Tillman in five starts this season . Smith hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Tillman in five starts this season . The Mariners added a run in the fifth	True
The Mariners added a run in the fifth on a fielder 's choice grounder by Kyle Seager and a run - scoring single by Dae-Ho Lee . The Orioles added a run in the seventh	True
Rodriguez led off with a double and scored on a double by Jordy Mercer . The Pirates added two more in the fourth	True
The Pirates added two more in the fourth on a double by Rodriguez and a double by Rodriguez . The Pirates added two more in the fourth	False
The Pirates added two more in the fourth on a double by Adam Lind and a two - run double by Rodriguez . Rodriguez led off the bottom of the second	True
Goldschmidt 's two - run double in the seventh gave the Phillies a 7 - 4 lead . The Diamondbacks tied it in the eighth	False
The Orioles have lost six of seven . Kim hit a two - run homer off Carlos Villanueva in the fifth	True
The Orioles have lost six of seven . Kim hit a two - run homer off Carlos Villanueva in the fifth and a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Kim hit a two - run homer off Carlos Villanueva in the fifth and a two - run shot in the fifth that made it 4 - 1 . Kim hit a two - run homer off Carlos Villanueva in the fifth	False
Kim hit a two - run homer off Carlos Villanueva in the fifth to give the Orioles a 4 - 1 lead . It was Kim 's fourth homer of the season and second	False
It was Kim 's fourth homer of the season and second in two games . He also had a run - scoring double in the sixth	True
He also had a run - scoring double in the sixth . Machado had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth	True
The right - hander was coming off a 1 - 0 win over the New York Yankees in which he allowed six runs in 2 1/3 innings of a 10 - 0 loss to the Padres . The Orioles scored three runs in the sixth	True
Jonathan Schoop hit a two - run double and Manny Machado had a two - run single . Upton hit a two - run homer off Carlos Villanueva in the seventh	True
It was the second time this season the Orioles have hit back - to - back home runs . Myers hit a three - run homer in the seventh	True
Myers hit a three - run homer in the seventh off Mychal Givens . It was his 19th homer of the season and second	False
Baez hit a three - run homer off J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 2 ) in the 15th inning to give the Cubs a 3 - 2 lead . Kris Bryant singled off Hector Rondon with one out in the bottom of the 15th	True
Kris Bryant singled off Hector Rondon with one out in the bottom of the 15th , extending his hitting streak to a career - high 13 games . Baez followed with a drive to center field for his 12th homer of the season and second	False
Baez followed with a drive to center field for his 12th homer of the season and second in two games . Spencer Patton ( 1 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the 15th	True
Spencer Patton ( 1 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the 15th for the win . Ben Zobrist led off the game with a home run and Billy Hamilton hit a solo shot in the eighth	True
Chisenhall 's three - run homer in the fourth gave the Indians a 4 - 1 lead . It was Chisenhall 's fourth homer of the season and second	False
Chisenhall 's three - run homer in the fourth gave the Indians a 4 - 1 lead . Flowers ' homer cut the lead to 4 - 2 in the fourth	True
Chisenhall had four hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in three runs to lead the Cleveland Indians to a 9 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Chisenhall had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Chisenhall had four hits , including a two - run homer , and drove in three runs to lead the Cleveland Indians to a 9 - 3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night . Chisenhall had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fifth , and a two - run shot in the fifth	True
He walked two and struck out five . Mike Aviles hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Victor Martinez hit two solo homers for the Tigers , and Juan Uribe also went deep for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Tyler Naquin hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Victor Martinez hit two solo homers for the Tigers , and Juan Uribe also went deep for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Tyler Naquin hit a solo homer in the fourth , and Chisenhall added a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Chris Davis and Adam Jones also homered for the Orioles , who trailed 4 - 0 in the third inning before rallying for a 7 - 6 lead in the bottom half . Chris Ramirez hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
T. J. McFarland ( 2 - 2 ) worked two scoreless innings for the win . Zach Britton worked the ninth	True
Tampa Bay went up 1 - 0 in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Logan Morrison and a run - scoring double by Brad Miller . In the third	True
In the third , Desmond Jennings doubled in a run and Conger drew a bases - loaded walk . The Orioles closed to 4 - 3 in the third	True
The Orioles closed to 4 - 3 in the third on a run - scoring double by Miller and a run - scoring single by Joey Rickard . The Orioles closed to 4 - 3 in the third	False
The Orioles closed to 4 - 3 in the third on a run - scoring double by Miller and a run - scoring single by Desmond Jennings . Conger hit a solo homer in the second	True
The Orioles closed to 4 - 3 in the third on a run - scoring double by Miller and a run - scoring single by Desmond Jennings . Conger hit a solo homer in the second , his first	False
The Orioles closed to 4 - 3 in the third on a run - scoring double by Miller and a run - scoring single by Desmond Jennings . Conger hit a solo homer in the second , his first of the season , and Jones hit a solo shot in the fifth	False
He struck out three and walked one . The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Orioles took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a run - scoring single by Matt Wieters and a run - scoring double by Jonathan Schoop . The Orioles closed to 3 - 2 in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays trailed 4 - 3 in the second inning before rallying against Marcus Stroman ( 6 - 3 ) , who gave up seven runs and 10 hits in 3 2/3 innings . Schoop had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Travis hit a two - run shot in the bottom half , but the Blue Jays answered with four runs in the bottom half . Travis hit a two - run homer , his first	False
HOUSTON -- J. J. Hoover pitched two scoreless innings to earn his first major league win , and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Houston Astros 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Hoover ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win , and Tony Cingrani worked the 11th	True
Ramon Cabrera followed with an RBI single to make it 4 - 2 . Correa hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Houston starter Lance McCullers yielded eight hits and two runs with six strikeouts in 6 2/3 innings . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
Perdomo allowed three runs and six hits in six innings , struck out four and walked two . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and did not walk a batter . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out three and did not walk a batter . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ichiro Suzuki led off with a single , stole second	False
The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ichiro Suzuki led off with a single , stole second and scored on Christian Yelich 's single . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Derek Norris ' two - run single and J. T. Realmuto 's RBI single . The Marlins took a 5 - 3 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out four and walked none . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Christian Yelich 's RBI single . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
He struck out 11 and did n't walk a batter . Manny Machado hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Jackie Bradley Jr. added a solo shot in the seventh	True
Tillman ( 9 - 1 ) allowed one run and five hits in seven innings , striking out seven and walking two . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect eighth	True
Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect eighth and Zach Britton got the final five outs for his 20th save . Jonathan Schoop and Hanley Ramirez hit back - to - back RBI singles in the eighth	True
The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run homer by Manny Machado . Machado hit a two - run homer in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run homer by Manny Machado . Machado hit a two - run homer in the first , and Jackie Bradley Jr. added a solo shot in the seventh	True
Machado hit a two - run homer in the first , and Jackie Bradley Jr. added a solo shot in the seventh for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Boston had runners on first	False
Machado hit a two - run homer in the first , and Jackie Bradley Jr. added a solo shot in the seventh for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Boston had runners on first and second	False
Machado hit a two - run homer in the first , and Jackie Bradley Jr. added a solo shot in the seventh for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Boston had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
Boston had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Eduardo Rodriguez struck out Chris Davis to end the threat . The Red Sox had runners on first	False
Boston had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Eduardo Rodriguez struck out Chris Davis to end the threat . The Red Sox had runners on first and second	False
Boston had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Eduardo Rodriguez struck out Chris Davis to end the threat . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	False
The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Britton struck out David Ortiz and Machado to end the game . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The right - hander struck out five and walked one in his second start since coming off the disabled list . Jung Ho Kang hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
The right - hander struck out five and walked one in his second start since coming off the disabled list . Jung Ho Kang hit a two - run homer in the sixth off Jacob deGrom ( 3 - 3 ) , and Starling Marte added a two - run shot in the eighth	True
He walked four and struck out three . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Tigers tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Adam Eaton and a sacrifice fly by Andrew Romine . The Tigers tied it in the second	True
The Tigers tied it in the second on a sacrifice fly by Jose Abreu , who had two hits and drove in a run . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on James McCann 's sacrifice fly . The Tigers tied it in the second	True
The Tigers tied it in the second on Upton 's RBI double and J. D. Martinez 's run - scoring double . The White Sox took a 6 - 2 lead in the third	True
He walked four and struck out five . Baez hit a three - run homer off Chris Withrow in the eighth	True
Baez hit a three - run homer off Chris Withrow in the eighth to make it 13 - 1 . Baez hit a three - run shot off Casey Kelly in the eighth	True
Baez hit a three - run shot off Casey Kelly in the eighth to make it 13 - 1 . Rizzo had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the eighth	True
Baez hit a three - run shot off Casey Kelly in the eighth to make it 13 - 1 . Rizzo had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the eighth , and Ben Zobrist had a run - scoring single in the eighth	False
Rizzo had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the eighth , and Ben Zobrist had a run - scoring single in the eighth . Rizzo had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the eighth	False
Rizzo had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the eighth . He had an RBI double in the eighth	True
Rizzo had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the eighth . He had an RBI double in the eighth and a run - scoring single in the eighth	True
He had an RBI double in the eighth and a run - scoring single in the eighth . Rizzo had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the eighth	False
Rizzo had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the eighth . He also had a run - scoring single in the eighth	True
He also had a run - scoring single in the eighth . Rizzo had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the eighth	True
Rizzo had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the eighth . He had a run - scoring single in the eighth	True
Rizzo had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the eighth . He had a run - scoring single in the eighth and a run - scoring single in the eighth	False
He had a run - scoring single in the eighth and a run - scoring single in the eighth . Baez hit a three - run homer off Chris Withrow in the eighth	False
Blake Wood ( 5 - 1 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Tony Cingrani pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 1.50 ERA in three starts against the Reds this season . Adam Duvall scored the go - ahead run on a wild pitch in the bottom of the seventh	True
Adam Duvall scored the go - ahead run on a wild pitch in the bottom of the seventh . Adam Duvall had a two - out RBI double in the seventh	True
Adam Duvall had a two - out RBI double in the seventh that put Cincinnati ahead 2 - 1 . Brandon Phillips doubled with one out in the seventh	True
Duvall scored the go - ahead run on a wild pitch by Oakland starter 2 - 1 . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Duvall scored the go - ahead run on a wild pitch by Oakland starter 2 - 1 . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Vogt 's two - out homer , his second	False
Addison Reed ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Jeurys Familia pitched the 10th	True
Jeurys Familia pitched the 10th for his 19th save . Cory Luebke ( 0 - 1 ) gave up a run in the seventh	True
Cory Luebke ( 0 - 1 ) gave up a run in the seventh , but the Mets tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Josh Harrison and a sacrifice fly by Jung Ho Kang . Conforto hit a two - run homer off Jared Hughes in the eighth	True
It was Conforto 's second career extra - base hit . Wilmer Flores hit a two - out RBI single off Jim Henderson in the bottom of the eighth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
SAN FRANCISCO -- Mac Williamson and Brandon Belt hit back - to - back home runs in the fourth inning , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Boston Red Sox 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Chris Young hit a solo home run in the fourth	True
SAN FRANCISCO -- Mac Williamson and Brandon Belt hit back - to - back home runs in the fourth inning , and the San Francisco Giants beat the Boston Red Sox 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Chris Young hit a solo home run in the fourth , and Brandon Belt hit a solo shot in the eighth	True
Chris Young hit a solo home run in the fourth , and Brandon Belt hit a solo shot in the eighth to give the Giants a 2 - 1 victory over the Red Sox on Friday night . Cory Gearrin ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Hunter Strickland got the final out for his first save of the season . Brandon Belt hit a solo home run in the fourth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Mookie Betts led off with a single , stole second	False
He struck out five and walked one . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Mookie Betts led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Mookie Betts led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third on catcher Trevor Brown 's throwing error . Betts stole third	False
Betts stole third and scored on Young 's homer to left - center . It was Young 's third home run of the season and second	False
It was Young 's third home run of the season and second in two days . Young connected in the fourth	True
Young connected in the fourth to tie the game at 1 . It was Young 's second home run of the season and second	False
He walked two and struck out four . Andrew Miller pitched the ninth	True
Angels starter Masahiro Tanaka ( 0 - 1 ) was chased in the fifth inning with a 5 - 3 lead . The right - hander gave up a two - run homer to Kole Calhoun in the fifth	True
Angels starter Masahiro Tanaka ( 0 - 1 ) was chased in the fifth inning with a 5 - 3 lead . The right - hander gave up a two - run homer to Kole Calhoun in the fifth , but the Angels made it 5 - 3 in the fifth	True
The right - hander gave up a two - run homer to Kole Calhoun in the fifth , but the Angels made it 5 - 3 in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Gregorio Petit and a run - scoring single by Alex Rodriguez . The Angels had a chance to take the lead in the seventh	True
The Angels had a chance to take the lead in the seventh , loading the bases with one out , but Cam Bedrosian struck out Albert Pujols to end the inning . The Angels had a chance in the seventh	True
But Cam Bedrosian struck out Albert Pujols to end the threat . The Angels had runners on first	False
But Cam Bedrosian struck out Albert Pujols to end the threat . The Angels had runners on first and second	False
But Cam Bedrosian struck out Albert Pujols to end the threat . The Angels had runners on first and second with two outs in the eighth	True
McCullers ( 3 - 1 ) allowed eight hits and two runs with a season - high nine strikeouts in seven innings . Will Harris pitched a perfect ninth	True
Yonder Alonso 's two - out , two - run single in the first inning gave Oakland a 2 - 0 lead . Gomez led off the bottom of the fifth	True
Oakland took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - out , two - run single by Yonder Alonso . The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Astros took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - out , two - run homer by Carlos Gomez . Oakland tied it at 1 - all in the fifth	True
Estrada ( 4 - 2 ) allowed two runs and two hits in eight innings , striking out five and walking three . Roberto Osuna gave up a two - out RBI double to Jackie Bradley Jr. in the ninth	True
The Blue Jays have lost four of five . Boston 's Chris Young homered off Heath Hembree in the eighth	True
The Blue Jays have lost four of five . Boston 's Chris Young homered off Heath Hembree in the eighth , and Russell Martin added a solo shot in the eighth	True
Boston has lost three straight and eight of 10 . The Red Sox scored three runs in the ninth	True
David Ortiz followed with an RBI double , but Osuna struck out Chris Young to end the game . The Red Sox had runners on first	False
David Ortiz followed with an RBI double , but Osuna struck out Chris Young to end the game . The Red Sox had runners on first and second	False
David Ortiz followed with an RBI double , but Osuna struck out Chris Young to end the game . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
The right - hander struck out five and walked four . Yan Gomes hit a solo homer in the second	True
The right - hander struck out five and walked four . Yan Gomes hit a solo homer in the second and Drew Butera tied it in the third	False
Yan Gomes hit a solo homer in the second and Drew Butera tied it in the third with a solo shot . The Indians added three runs in the third	True
The Indians added three runs in the third . Jose Ramirez led off with a single , stole second	False
Napoli followed with an RBI double , and Napoli scored on a wild pitch by Volquez to make it 4 - 1 . The Indians added a run in the eighth	True
He walked four and struck out five . Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and Devon Travis added a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and Devon Travis added a two - run shot in the eighth for the Red Sox , who have lost three of four . Boston took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and Devon Travis added a two - run shot in the eighth for the Red Sox , who have lost three of four . Boston took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Edwin Encarnacion , but the Blue Jays took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Xander Bogaerts drew a one - out walk and Devon Travis followed with a two - run homer . The Blue Jays added a run in the fourth	True
The Blue Jays added a run in the fourth when Mookie Betts led off with a double and scored on Darwin Barney 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox had runners on first	False
The Blue Jays added a run in the fourth when Mookie Betts led off with a double and scored on Darwin Barney 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox had runners on first and second	False
The Blue Jays added a run in the fourth when Mookie Betts led off with a double and scored on Darwin Barney 's sacrifice fly . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Jason Grilli got Encarnacion to ground into a double play . The Red Sox had runners on first	False
The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Jason Grilli got Encarnacion to ground into a double play . The Red Sox had runners on first and second	False
The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Jason Grilli got Encarnacion to ground into a double play . The Red Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	False
Longoria 's two - run homer in the fifth inning gave the Twins a 4 - 3 lead , but the Twins tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Byron Buxton . The Twins took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth	True
The Twins took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth on Logan Morrison 's RBI single , but the Twins tied it in the bottom half on Max Kepler 's RBI single . The Twins took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth	False
The Twins took a 4 - 3 lead in the fifth on a two - run homer by Brian Dozier and a three - run shot by Eduardo Nunez . The Rays took a 4 - 3 lead in the fourth	True
Taylor Rogers ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Kevin Jepsen pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Rays took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
ATLANTA -- Freddie Freeman 's first game - ending homer of the season came on a 1 - 2 pitch from Derek Law ( 1 - 1 ) , and the Atlanta Braves rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Freeman led off the 11th	True
Brandon Belt hit a two - run homer off Williams Perez in the fourth inning , giving the Giants a 2 - 0 lead . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Matt Duffy led off with a single and Belt hit his second homer of the season . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Gregor Blanco led off with a single , stole second	False
He struck out two and walked two . The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Ender Inciarte led off with a double and scored on Gordon Beckham 's groundout . Chase d'Arnaud led off the sixth	True
Chase d'Arnaud led off the sixth with a single and scored on a triple by Mallex Smith , who came home on a sacrifice fly by Jarrett Parker . The Giants took a 4 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
He struck out six and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Orioles took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on J. J. Hardy 's two - out RBI single . Jones homered in the sixth	True
It was the first home run of the season for Jones , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of Tuesday 's 3 - 2 win over the Orioles . Kepler 's homer tied the game 2 - 2 in the sixth	True
Scooter Gennett hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the first inning , to give the Diamondbacks a 2 - 1 lead . Milwaukee tied it at 1 in the third	True
Maldonado 's three - run homer in the sixth gave the Brewers a 7 - 2 lead . It was Maldonado 's sixth homer of the season and second	False
It was Maldonado 's sixth homer of the season and second in two games . Maldonado hit a three - run homer in the sixth	True
He struck out four and walked four . Arizona 's Martin Maldonado hit a three - run homer in the sixth	True
Pujols had three hits and drove in four runs , Hector Santiago won for the first time in four starts and the Angels beat the Kansas City Royals 6 - 2 on Tuesday night . Pujols had three hits and drove in four runs , including a two - run single in the first inning , and a run - scoring single in the seventh	True
He walked three and struck out three . Pujols had an RBI single in the ninth	True
Trout went 0 - for - 2 with three walks , three walks and two runs scored . The Angels scored three runs in the first	True
Carlos Perez 's RBI single made it 4 - 0 , and Perez 's two - run homer in the fourth cut the lead to 4 - 2 . Perez hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Perez hit a two - run homer in the fourth to cut the Royals ' lead to 4 - 2 . Pujols added an RBI single in the ninth	False
Pujols added an RBI single in the ninth . Pujols had a two - run single in the first	True
Pujols added an RBI single in the ninth . Pujols had a two - run single in the first and a run - scoring single in the seventh	False
He struck out six , walked two and hit a batter . Jeurys Familia pitched a perfect ninth	True
They 've scored just four runs in their past three games . Yoenis Cespedes hit an RBI single in the eighth	True
They 've scored just four runs in their past three games . Yoenis Cespedes hit an RBI single in the eighth , and James Loney added an RBI single off Kyle Barraclough in the eighth	True
Yoenis Cespedes hit an RBI single in the eighth , and James Loney added an RBI single off Kyle Barraclough in the eighth to make it 3 - 0 . Curtis Granderson doubled and scored on a single by Alejandro De Aza in the eighth	True
Curtis Granderson doubled and scored on a single by Alejandro De Aza in the eighth to make it 3 - 0 . Curtis Granderson doubled and scored on a single by James Loney in the eighth	True
Joe Nathan ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Hector Rondon gave up a solo homer to Kirk Nieuwenhuis in the ninth	True
Ben Zobrist 's RBI single in the sixth made it 4 - 0 and chased Lester , who gave up four runs and four hits in four - plus innings . The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Brewers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first . Ryan Braun led off with a single , stole second	False
Ryan Braun led off with a single , stole second and scored on Hernan Perez 's sacrifice fly . Hernan Perez drew a two - out walk in the fifth	True
He walked three and struck out two . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Brian Dozier . Minnesota tied it in the second	True
Minnesota tied it in the second on an RBI double by Xander Bogaerts and a sacrifice fly by Byron Buxton . Minnesota tied it in the second	True
Minnesota tied it in the second on a two - out , two - run single by Ortiz . The Twins tied it in the second	True
The Twins tied it in the second on a two - out , two - run single by Ortiz . The Twins tied it in the second	False
The Twins tied it in the second on a two - run homer by Hanley Ramirez , who hit a three - run shot in the second inning . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Eduardo Nunez 's RBI single . The Twins tied it in the second	True
He struck out four and walked two . Wade Davis pitched the ninth	True
He struck out 11 and walked one . Rougned Odor hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
The right - hander is 4 - 0 with a 2.50 ERA in his last five starts . Joey Votto hit a two - run homer off Ian Krol in the seventh	True
Joey Votto hit a two - run homer off Ian Krol in the seventh . Adonis Garcia homered off Ross Ohlendorf in the ninth	False
The Braves have lost six of their last seven games . Atlanta 's Eugenio Suarez was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded in the sixth	True
Atlanta 's Eugenio Suarez was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded in the sixth , and Jose Peraza followed with a two - run single . Barnhart tied it with a two - run homer off Ian Krol in the sixth	True
Barnhart tied it with a two - run homer off Ian Krol in the sixth . It was Barnhart 's fourth homer of the season and second	False
Freeman hit his 14th homer in the first inning , a drive into the right - field seats on a 1 - 2 pitch . It was his fourth	False
Freeman hit his 14th homer in the first inning , a drive into the right - field seats on a 1 - 2 pitch . It was his fourth of the season and second	False
It was his fourth of the season and second in two games . The Reds tied it in the fifth	True
The Reds tied it in the fifth on a two - run single by Peraza and a two - run single by Jose Peraza . Chase d'Arnaud had a two - run single in the sixth	True
Murphy homered and drove in three runs , Wilmer Flores hit a three - run homer and the New York Mets beat the Washington Nationals 9 - 7 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight victory . Murphy 's solo shot off Oliver Perez ( 2 - 2 ) gave the Mets a 7 - 4 lead in the fourth inning and chased Colon in the fifth	True
It was the first time the Mets hit back - to - back home runs this season . Asdrubal Cabrera hit a solo shot in the seventh	True
Hansel Robles ( 3 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of relief for the win . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth	True
Cron hit a pair of solo homers , Andrelton Simmons had three hits and three RBI and the Angels beat the Tampa Bay Rays 13 - 5 on Tuesday night . Cron hit a solo homer in the second inning and a three - run shot in the ninth	True
Cron hit a pair of solo homers , Andrelton Simmons had three hits and three RBI and the Angels beat the Tampa Bay Rays 13 - 5 on Tuesday night . Cron hit a solo homer in the second inning and a three - run shot in the ninth , and the Angels added three more runs in the ninth	True
The right - hander struck out six , walked one and hit a batter . The Angels took a 4 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Angels took a 4 - 1 lead in the second on a two - run single by Nick Franklin , who had three hits and drove in two runs . Simmons had three hits , including a two - run double in the sixth	True
Deolis Guerra ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Dana Eveland gave up three runs and four hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth	True
The Rays scored three runs in the first inning off Jake Odorizzi ( 3 - 4 ) , who gave up seven runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . Cron had a two - run single in the fifth	True
The Rays scored three runs in the first inning off Jake Odorizzi ( 3 - 4 ) , who gave up seven runs and nine hits in 5 1/3 innings . Cron had a two - run single in the fifth and a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Cron had a two - run single in the fifth and a two - run homer in the ninth off Enny Romero . Cron hit a two - run homer off Enny Romero in the ninth	True
Mike Napoli hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh inning , and the Indians beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Mike Napoli hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the seventh	True
The right - hander struck out six and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Nicholas Castellanos and a solo shot by Steven Moya . Cleveland took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	False
Cleveland took a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Rajai Davis led off with a single , stole second	False
Rajai Davis led off with a single , stole second and scored on Carlos Santana 's single . Napoli led off the third	True
Napoli led off the third with a double and scored on Lindor 's sacrifice fly . Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the sixth to put Cleveland ahead 5 - 3 . Napoli hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Jeff Manship ( 1 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his 18th save in 21 chances . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Lindor 's sacrifice fly in the third gave the Indians a 2 - 0 lead . Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Hellickson ( 6 - 6 ) allowed one run and five hits , striking out six and walking one . Jeanmar Gomez pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked three . Herrera hit a two - run homer off David Hernandez in the eighth	True
Herrera hit a two - run homer off David Hernandez in the eighth to cut it to 4 - 3 . Kendrys Herrera hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Kendrys Herrera hit a two - run homer in the eighth off Phillies reliever David Hernandez to pull the Royals to 4 - 3 . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Cody Asche and a run - scoring single by Cheslor Cuthbert . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Maikel Franco . The Royals tied it in the second	True
The Royals tied it in the second on a two - out RBI double by Cody Asche . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on a run - scoring single by Maikel Franco and a run - scoring single by Cheslor Cuthbert . Royals right - hander Chien-Ming Wang gave up a run and two hits in the sixth	True
Royals right - hander Chien-Ming Wang gave up a run and two hits in the sixth . Chien-Ming Wang gave up one run and two hits in a scoreless eighth	True
Chien-Ming Wang gave up one run and two hits in a scoreless eighth for Philadelphia . Chien-Ming Wang gave up a run in the eighth	True
Gomez hit a two - run homer off Chris Beck in the seventh inning to give Houston a 3 - 0 lead . Gomez hit a two - out , two - run homer in the seventh	True
Carlos Correa singled with one out in the fourth inning and scored on a single by Carlos Correa to make it 1 - 0 . Correa hit a two - out , two - run homer in the seventh	True
Correa hit a two - out , two - run homer in the seventh to make it 3 - 0 . The White Sox added three runs in the eighth	False
Valbuena doubled with one out and scored on a double by Colby Rasmus to make it 5 - 0 . The White Sox had a chance to add to the lead in the eighth	True
He struck out four , walked none and hit a batter . Judge hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Judge hit a two - run homer in the second off Edinson Volquez , who gave up four runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings . Judge hit a two - run homer in the second	False
He walked two and struck out five . Judge hit a two - run homer in the second	True
He struck out five , walked two and hit a batter . Judge hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Jarrod Dyson added an RBI triple in the third	True
Judge hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Jarrod Dyson added an RBI triple in the third to make it 4 - 1 . Judge hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Judge hit a two - run homer in the second inning and Jarrod Dyson added an RBI triple in the third to make it 4 - 1 . Judge hit a two - run homer in the second , and Ellsbury added an RBI double in the third	True
MILWAUKEE -- Jonathan Villar and the St. Louis Cardinals had a chance to score in the ninth inning . Jonathan Villar doubled in the go - ahead run in the bottom of the ninth	True
Miguel Socolovich ( 1 - 0 ) struck out four in 1 2/3 scoreless innings for his first major league win . Seung Hwan Oh pitched a perfect ninth	True
Seung Hwan Oh pitched a perfect ninth for his 14th save in 16 chances . Tyler Thornburg ( 5 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up an unearned run in the top of the ninth	True
Tyler Thornburg ( 5 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up an unearned run in the top of the ninth . Orlando Arcia hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Wong 's sacrifice fly in the fourth gave the Cardinals a 1 - 0 lead . Grichuk 's two - run homer off Matt Bowman gave the Cardinals a 5 - 5 lead in the eighth	True
Saltalamacchia hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the eighth inning , and the Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit a go - ahead , two - run homer off Nate Jones ( 5 - 3 ) in the eighth	True
Justin Wilson ( 4 - 4 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings for the win . Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his major league - leading 37th save . Tyler Saladino hit a go - ahead homer in the sixth	True
Francisco Rodriguez pitched a perfect ninth for his major league - leading 37th save . Tyler Saladino hit a go - ahead homer in the sixth , and Justin Upton added a solo shot in the seventh	False
Tyler Saladino hit a go - ahead homer in the sixth , and Justin Upton added a solo shot in the seventh to give the White Sox a 3 - 2 lead . Justin Upton hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
He walked two and struck out three . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Yankees have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Yankees in the AL East . Pearce hit a two - run single in the seventh	True
The Yankees have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the first - place New York Yankees in the AL East . Pearce hit a two - run single in the seventh and Trumbo added a two - run homer off Ben Heller in the eighth	True
The Yankees have lost seven of their last nine games and have lost six of their last seven . Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 in the sixth	True
The Yankees have lost seven of their last nine games and have lost six of their last seven . Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 in the sixth when Jonathan Schoop hit a two - out single , stole second	False
Baltimore went ahead 1 - 0 in the sixth when Jonathan Schoop hit a two - out single , stole second and scored on Manny Machado 's double - play grounder . Baltimore loaded the bases with no outs in the seventh	True
Baltimore loaded the bases with no outs in the seventh , but Tommy Hunter got Trumbo to ground into an inning - ending double play . Baltimore loaded the bases with no outs in the seventh	False
Joe Blanton ( 5 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Cubs have lost six of seven . Cahill ( 3 - 4 ) was charged with an unearned run and one hit in just one - third	True
The Indians have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Elvis Andrus had a two - run double in the third	True
The Indians have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Elvis Andrus had a two - run double in the third and a two - run double in the third	True
Hernan Perez hit a pair of three - run homers , Josh Harrison had three hits and drove in two runs , and Jeff Locke ( 9 - 7 ) pitched two innings for the win . Neftali Feliz pitched the ninth	True
Neftali Feliz pitched the ninth for his second save in three chances . Blaine Boyer ( 1 - 3 ) gave up three runs in the sixth	True
He walked three and struck out one . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Starling Marte 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Josh Bell . Pittsburgh scored four runs in the first	True
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Starling Marte 's RBI double and a run - scoring single by Josh Bell . Pittsburgh scored four runs in the first , including a three - run homer by Hernan Perez , and a run - scoring single by Andrew McCutchen in the fourth	True
Pittsburgh scored four runs in the first , including a three - run homer by Hernan Perez , and a run - scoring single by Andrew McCutchen in the fourth . The Pirates took a 4 - 1 lead in the first	True
The Pirates took a 4 - 1 lead in the first on a two - run single by Josh Harrison and a run - scoring single by Orlando Arcia . The Pirates scored four runs in the fourth	True
John Jaso had a pinch - hit RBI single and Tyler Cravy hit his first homer of the season to make it 6 - 6 . The Brewers took a 6 - 5 lead in the fourth	True
The right - hander struck out one and did n't walk a batter for the second time in his last four starts . Kenley Jansen pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Astros have lost five of their last six games . Bobby Wilson hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
PHOENIX -- Ramon Cabrera 's sacrifice fly in the bottom of the 11th inning lifted the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 4 - 3 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . The Diamondbacks had a chance to win it in the bottom of the 11th	True
The Diamondbacks had a chance to win it in the bottom of the 11th . Phil Gosselin drew a one - out walk from Blake Wood ( 5 - 3 ) , stole second	False
The Diamondbacks had a chance to win it in the bottom of the 11th . Phil Gosselin drew a one - out walk from Blake Wood ( 5 - 3 ) , stole second and advanced to third	False
Edwin Escobar ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Scott Schebler had two hits , including a run - scoring single in the second inning , and Weeks hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Scott Schebler had two hits , including a run - scoring single in the second inning , and Weeks hit a solo homer in the fourth to give the Reds a 2 - 1 lead . The Reds tied it in the ninth	True
The Reds tied it in the ninth against Enrique Burgos . Tyler Holt reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second	False
He walked two and struck out a season - high 12 . The Reds tied it in the ninth	True
He walked one and struck out six . Trout had a two - run single in the sixth	True
He walked one and struck out six . Trout had a two - run single in the sixth , then added a two - run single in the seventh	False
Trout had a two - run single in the sixth , then added a two - run single in the seventh . Trout hit a two - run single in the seventh	True
Trout had a two - run single in the sixth , then added a two - run single in the seventh . Trout hit a two - run single in the seventh and added a two - run single in the seventh	False
Trout hit a two - run single in the seventh and added a two - run single in the seventh . Trout hit a two - run single in the sixth	True
Trout hit a two - run single in the seventh and added a two - run single in the seventh . Trout hit a two - run single in the sixth and added a two - run single in the seventh	False
Trout hit a two - run single in the sixth and added a two - run single in the seventh . Trout hit a two - run single in the seventh	False
Trout hit a two - run single in the sixth and added a two - run single in the seventh . Trout hit a two - run single in the seventh and added a two - run single in the seventh	False
Trout hit a two - run single in the seventh and added a two - run single in the seventh . Trout hit a two - run single off Fernando Salas in the seventh	True
Trout hit a two - run single in the seventh and added a two - run single in the seventh . Trout hit a two - run single off Fernando Salas in the seventh , and Bautista added an RBI double off Fernando Salas in the ninth	False
The Blue Jays have lost six of their past eight games . Toronto 's Albert Pujols had two hits , including an RBI single in the sixth	True
The Braves took a 4 - 2 lead in the third inning on a two - run double by Matt Kemp and a two - run double by Jake Lamb . The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Nick Markakis ' RBI single and Yasmany Tomas ' two - run single . Kemp 's sacrifice fly in the fourth cut the lead to 4 - 3 , but the Braves scored three runs in the eighth	True
Kemp 's sacrifice fly in the fourth cut the lead to 4 - 3 , but the Braves scored three runs in the eighth off Jake Barrett ( 1 - 2 ) . Jose Ramirez ( 2 - 0 ) struck out the side in the eighth	True
Jose Ramirez ( 2 - 0 ) struck out the side in the eighth for the win . Jim Johnson pitched the ninth	True
The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on Nick Markakis ' RBI single and a two - run double by Kemp . Arizona tied it at 2 in the third	True
He struck out seven and walked one . The Giants took a 3 - 2 lead in the third	True
The Giants took a 3 - 2 lead in the third on a run - scoring single by Angel Pagan and a sacrifice fly by Enrique Hernandez . Rob Segedin hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the second	True
Rob Segedin hit his first homer of the season , a solo shot in the second . The Giants tied it at 3 in the third	False
The Giants tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Enrique Hernandez . The Giants tied the game 3 - 2 in the fifth	True
The Giants tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Enrique Hernandez . The Giants tied the game 3 - 2 in the fifth on Brandon Belt 's RBI double , but the Dodgers tied it in the sixth	False
The Giants tied the game 3 - 2 in the fifth on Brandon Belt 's RBI double , but the Dodgers tied it in the sixth on a two - run single by Gonzalez and a run - scoring single by Ehire Adrianza . The Giants tied it at 3 in the sixth	True
The Giants tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Enrique Hernandez . The Giants tied it at 3 in the fifth	True
The Giants tied it at 3 in the fifth on a two - run single by Gonzalez . The Giants tied it in the bottom half on a two - run homer by Toles , his second	False
He struck out four and walked four . Zach Britton worked a perfect ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked two . Anthony Rendon hit a solo homer in the third	True
Anthony Rendon hit a solo homer in the third for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Baltimore took a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
Baltimore went up 2 - 1 in the bottom half . Trea Turner drew a one - out walk , stole second	False
He has allowed three runs or fewer in each of his last four starts . Teoscar Hernandez put the Astros ahead with a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Teoscar Hernandez put the Astros ahead with a two - run homer in the fifth off Jameson Taillon ( 3 - 3 ) . Teoscar Hernandez hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
The Pirates have lost five of six and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . Gregory Polanco led off the ninth	True
Gregory Polanco led off the ninth with a double off Neftali Feliz and scored on David Freese 's two - out single . Ken Giles gave up a solo homer to Alex Bregman in the ninth	True
Ken Giles gave up a solo homer to Alex Bregman in the ninth but earned his fourth save in six opportunities . Houston 's Jose Altuve extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first	True
Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the first inning when Springer led off with a double and scored on a single by Jose Altuve . Springer hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the first inning when Springer led off with a double and scored on a single by Jose Altuve . Springer hit a two - run homer in the fifth to make it 6 - 1 , and Bregman hit a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Springer hit a two - run homer in the fifth to make it 6 - 1 , and Bregman hit a two - run shot in the fifth to make it 8 - 1 . Castro homered in the eighth	False
Castro homered in the eighth off Brad Peacock to make it 11 - 2 . Pearce hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
Castro homered in the eighth off Brad Peacock to make it 11 - 2 . Pearce hit a solo homer in the ninth , his second	False
Alejandro De Aza hit a three - run homer and Denard Span added a solo shot for the Mets , who have won four of five . Cespedes hit two solo homers , including a solo shot in the third	True
Alejandro De Aza hit a three - run homer and Denard Span added a solo shot for the Mets , who have won four of five . Cespedes hit two solo homers , including a solo shot in the third , and a solo shot in the seventh	True
Cespedes hit two solo homers , including a solo shot in the third , and a solo shot in the seventh . Alejandro De Aza hit a three - run homer in the sixth	True
He walked three and struck out three . Cespedes hit a solo homer in the third	True
He walked three and struck out three . Cespedes hit a solo homer in the third and a solo shot off Cory Gearrin in the seventh	True
Cespedes hit a solo homer in the third and a solo shot off Cory Gearrin in the seventh to make it 8 - 2 . Alejandro De Aza hit a three - run homer in the sixth	True
Alejandro De Aza hit a three - run homer in the sixth for the Giants , who have lost five of six . The Mets scored in the first	True
The Mets scored in the first on a sacrifice fly by Conor Gillaspie and a run - scoring single by Jose Reyes . Cespedes hit a solo homer in the third	True
The Mets scored in the first on a sacrifice fly by Conor Gillaspie and a run - scoring single by Jose Reyes . Cespedes hit a solo homer in the third and a solo shot off Cory Gearrin in the seventh	True
He walked two and struck out one . Martin led off the third	True
Martin led off the third with a double and scored on Aoki 's double to left - center . The Mariners added a run in the fifth	True
The Mariners added a run in the fifth on Ryan Braun 's RBI double and a run - scoring double by Hernan Perez . The Brewers added a run in the eighth	True
The Brewers added a run in the eighth on Zunino 's two - run double and a run - scoring double by Adam Lind . The Brewers added a run in the eighth	False
The Brewers added a run in the eighth on an RBI double by Adam Lind and a run - scoring single by Hernan Perez . The Brewers added a run in the eighth	False
The Brewers added a run in the eighth on an RBI double by Nelson Cruz and a two - run double by Hernan Perez . The Brewers added a run in the eighth	False
The Brewers added a run in the eighth on a double by Kyle Seager and a two - run double by Hernan Perez . The Brewers added a run in the eighth	False
The Brewers added a run in the eighth on an RBI double by Hernan Perez and a two - run double by Ryan Braun . The Brewers added two runs in the eighth	False
DENVER -- Ryan Raburn hit a game - ending homer in the 11th inning and the Colorado Rockies beat the Chicago Cubs 7 - 6 on Tuesday night . Ryan Raburn hit a one - out triple off Chapman in the 11th	True
Ryan Raburn hit a one - out triple off Chapman in the 11th and scored on DJ LeMahieu 's double to tie the game at 5 . LeMahieu had two hits , including a run - scoring double off Chapman ( 3 - 1 ) in the 11th	True
LeMahieu had two hits , including a run - scoring double off Chapman ( 3 - 1 ) in the 11th . The Rockies took a 5 - 3 lead in the seventh	False
The Rockies took a 5 - 3 lead in the seventh on a two - run homer by Dexter Fowler and a two - run shot by Addison Russell . Matt Dahl hit a leadoff homer in the first inning and Addison Russell added a two - run shot in the sixth	True
Matt Dahl hit a leadoff homer in the first inning and Addison Russell added a two - run shot in the sixth to give the Cubs a 5 - 1 lead . The Cubs tied it in the seventh	True
He struck out eight and walked one . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
It was the first time this season the Rockies have hit back - to - back home runs . Russell hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Howard hit a two - run shot in the seventh inning off Grant Dayton ( 0 - 1 ) to give the Phillies a 5 - 4 lead . Maikel Franco hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Maikel Franco hit a two - run homer in the seventh to give the Dodgers a 4 - 1 lead . Franco tied it with a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Franco tied it with a two - run homer in the seventh . Jeanmar Gomez pitched a perfect ninth	True
Michael Turner hit a three - run homer and Yasmani Grandal also went deep for the Dodgers , who have lost four of five . Michael Mariot ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect seventh	True
He struck out eight and walked two . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Taylor Featherston and a run - scoring single by Taylor Featherston . The Dodgers cut it to 4 - 3 in the fourth	True
The Dodgers cut it to 4 - 3 in the fourth on Aaron Altherr 's RBI single and Franco 's two - run homer off Ross Stripling . The Dodgers took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
Turner hit a three - run homer in the first inning to give the Dodgers a 2 - 1 lead . The Phillies tied it in the second	True
He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter . Raisel Iglesias pitched a perfect ninth	True
The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind first - place Detroit in the AL Central . Cody Allen pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked two and struck out six . Roberto Osuna pitched the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out six . Martin hit a two - out , two - run homer off James Hoyt in the sixth	True
Martin hit a two - out , two - run homer off James Hoyt in the sixth . Martin connected in the sixth	True
Martin connected in the sixth to give the Blue Jays a 4 - 2 lead . Martin connected in the sixth	True
Martin connected in the sixth to give the Blue Jays a 4 - 2 lead . Martin connected in the sixth	True
It was Martin 's seventh home run of the season and first since July 26 . Donaldson hit a solo shot in the first	True
It was Martin 's seventh home run of the season and first since July 26 . Donaldson hit a solo shot in the first , his 12th	False
NEW YORK -- Gabriel Ynoa ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning to earn his first major league win , and the New York Mets beat the San Diego Padres 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Neil Walker led off the 11th	True
NEW YORK -- Gabriel Ynoa ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect 11th inning to earn his first major league win , and the New York Mets beat the San Diego Padres 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Neil Walker led off the 11th with a single off Brandon Maurer ( 0 - 3 ) and advanced to second	False
Napoli had a career - high four hits , including a grand slam , and drove in four runs to lead the Indians to a 14 - 4 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . Napoli hit a solo homer in the first inning and added a three - run shot in the fifth	True
Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning by plate umpire Bill Welke for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth	True
Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth	True
Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth inning by plate umpire Mike Winters for arguing a called third strike . Angels manager Mike Scioscia was ejected in the ninth	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second inning on Jason Cuthbert 's RBI triple and a run - scoring single by Eric Hosmer . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Jason Cuthbert 's RBI triple and a run - scoring single by Jason Cuthbert . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Jason Cuthbert and a run - scoring single by Jason Cuthbert . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
Chicago tied it in the bottom half on a run - scoring single by Jason Cuthbert and a run - scoring single by Jason Vargas . The White Sox had runners on first	False
Chicago tied it in the bottom half on a run - scoring single by Jason Cuthbert and a run - scoring single by Jason Vargas . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
Chicago tied it in the bottom half on a run - scoring single by Jason Cuthbert and a run - scoring single by Jason Vargas . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the third	True
Alexei Ramirez 's RBI single in the seventh made it 3 - 0 . McCutchen extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first	True
He was 1 - for - 4 with a double and a double . McCutchen extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first	True
The right - hander is 2 - 0 with a 2.13 ERA in four starts against the Orioles this season . John Axford pitched the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked two . Yonder Alonso doubled in a run in the third	True
Yonder Alonso doubled in a run in the third for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore 's Marcus Semien singled with one out in the third	True
Alonso followed with a two - out double to make it 1 - 0 . Baltimore loaded the bases with one out in the seventh	True
Oakland loaded the bases with one out , but Detwiler struck out Mark Trumbo to end the threat . Baltimore 's Adam Jones extended his hitting streak to a career - high 13 games with a single in the first	True
He struck out six and walked two . Velasquez gave up a two - run homer to Freddy Galvis in the second inning and a two - run shot to Howie Kendrick in the third	True
He struck out six and walked two . Velasquez gave up a two - run homer to Justin Turner in the second inning and a two - run shot to Freddy Galvis in the third	True
He struck out six and walked two . Velasquez gave up a two - run homer to Justin Turner in the second inning and a two - run shot to Freddy Galvis in the third , his first	False
It was the first homer allowed by Velasquez in his last five starts . The Dodgers took a 4 - 2 lead in the second	True
It was the first homer allowed by Velasquez in his last five starts . The Dodgers took a 4 - 2 lead in the second on Yasmani Grandal 's two - run homer and Joc Pederson 's RBI single in the second	True
The Dodgers took a 4 - 2 lead in the second on Yasmani Grandal 's two - run homer and Joc Pederson 's RBI single in the second . The Dodgers took a 4 - 2 lead in the second	False
The Dodgers took a 4 - 2 lead in the second on Yasmani Grandal 's two - run homer and Joc Pederson 's RBI single in the second . The Dodgers took a 4 - 2 lead in the second on Kendrick 's two - run homer , his third	False
The Dodgers took a 4 - 2 lead in the second on Kendrick 's two - run homer , his third of the season . The Dodgers took a 4 - 2 lead in the second	False
The Braves took a 4 - 3 lead in the bottom of the ninth inning , but the Braves rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday night . Carlos Torres ( 2 - 2 ) walked Matt Kemp and Adonis Garcia to lead off the 12th	True
Gordon Beckham followed with a sharp grounder to third baseman Keon Broxton , who threw home for the force out . Matt Kemp scored from third	False
Brandon Cunniff ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Jim Johnson pitched the 12th	True
Nick Markakis and A. J. Pierzynski hit back - to - back home runs in the second inning to give the Braves a 1 - 0 lead . Atlanta tied it in the fourth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Atlanta tied it at 1 in the second	True
Atlanta tied it at 1 in the second on a two - out , RBI single by Hernan Perez . The Brewers tied it in the fifth	True
Neil Walker hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the ninth inning , and the Mets beat the Detroit Tigers 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Neil Walker hit a two - run homer off Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 2 ) in the ninth	True
Addison Reed ( 3 - 2 ) got the win with 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out three . Michael Conforto hit a two - out homer in the seventh	True
Michael Conforto hit a two - out homer in the seventh for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Detroit tied it at 1 in the bottom of the seventh	False
Detroit tied it at 1 in the bottom of the seventh on Ian Kinsler 's run - scoring single , but the Mets could n't hold the lead . The Tigers had runners on first	False
Detroit tied it at 1 in the bottom of the seventh on Ian Kinsler 's run - scoring single , but the Mets could n't hold the lead . The Tigers had runners on first and second	False
Detroit tied it at 1 in the bottom of the seventh on Ian Kinsler 's run - scoring single , but the Mets could n't hold the lead . The Tigers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
The Tigers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Reed Rondon struck out Alejandro De Aza and Miguel Cabrera to end the game . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh	True
The Tigers had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth , but Reed Rondon struck out Alejandro De Aza and Miguel Cabrera to end the game . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Justin Upton walked , stole second	False
Machado hit three home runs and drove in seven runs , Dylan Bundy pitched six strong innings and the Orioles beat the Chicago White Sox 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Machado hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the third	True
Machado hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the third . Machado hit a two - run shot in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the third	False
Machado hit a two - run shot in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the third . Machado hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the third	False
Machado hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the third . Machado hit a two - run shot in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the third	False
Machado hit a two - run shot in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the third . Machado hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the third	False
Machado hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the third . He added a two - run shot in the third	True
Machado hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the third . He added a two - run shot in the third and a two - run shot in the third	False
He added a two - run shot in the third and a two - run shot in the third . Machado hit a two - run homer in the third	True
He added a two - run shot in the third and a two - run shot in the third . Machado hit a two - run homer in the third and added a two - run shot in the third	False
He walked two and struck out one . Machado hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the third	True
Machado hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the third to make it 10 - 0 . Machado hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Machado hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the third to make it 10 - 0 . Machado hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot off Matt Albers in the third	True
Machado hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot off Matt Albers in the third to make it 10 - 0 . Machado hit a two - run homer in the third	False
Machado hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot off Matt Albers in the third to make it 10 - 0 . Machado hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the third	False
It was the first three - homer game for Machado , who hit a two - run shot in the 10th inning of the White Sox 's 3 - 2 win over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Machado hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the third	True
Machado hit a two - run homer in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the third to make it 10 - 0 . Machado hit a two - run homer off Matt Albers in the third	True
It was the second three - homer game of his career . Machado hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a two - run shot off Matt Albers in the third	True
Blackmon had a career - high four hits and drove in four runs , including a two - run homer in the seventh inning that gave the Rockies a 9 - 3 lead . The Rockies scored six runs in the sixth	True
The Rockies scored six runs in the sixth to take a 9 - 3 lead . Blackmon had a two - run single in the sixth	True
The Rockies scored six runs in the sixth to take a 9 - 3 lead . Blackmon had a two - run single in the sixth and a two - run single in the sixth	True
He struck out three and walked two . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring single by Blackmon and a run - scoring single by Martin Prado . Blackmon led off the bottom of the first	True
Blackmon led off the bottom of the first with a leadoff homer to straightaway center . It was his fourth career leadoff homer and second	False
It was his fourth career leadoff homer and second this season . The Marlins tied it in the second	True
The Marlins tied it in the second on a run - scoring single by Dahl and a run - scoring single by Martin Prado . The Marlins tied it at 2 in the second	True
He struck out seven and walked three . Tampa Bay 's Logan Forsythe hit his 21st homer , a solo shot in the seventh	True
He walked one and struck out four . Evan Longoria hit a solo homer in the third	True
Evan Longoria hit a solo homer in the third for the Twins , who have lost four of five . Minnesota loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth	True
Minnesota loaded the bases with no outs in the sixth on a walk and a hit batter , but Archer struck out Corey Dickerson to end the inning . The Twins added three runs in the sixth	True
Brad Miller had an RBI single and Bobby Wilson hit a solo homer off Trevor May to make it 6 - 1 . The Twins added a run in the eighth	True
The Twins added a run in the eighth on Jorge Polanco 's two - run single off Dylan Floro . Jorge Polanco had a two - run single in the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked three . Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out two and walked none . Jose Alvarez pitched the eighth	True
He struck out two and walked none . Jose Alvarez pitched the eighth and Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth	True
Jose Alvarez pitched the eighth and Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth for his third save . The Angels took a 6 - 3 lead in the bottom of the first	True
The Angels took a 6 - 3 lead in the bottom of the first on a run - scoring single by Robinson Cano and a sacrifice fly by Leonys Martin . Adam Lind had three hits , including an RBI single in the bottom of the first	True
He struck out seven and walked two . Victor Martinez hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Victor Martinez hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Kelly Johnson hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
They 've lost six of their last seven games . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ian Kinsler led off with a single , stole second	False
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ian Kinsler led off with a single , stole second and scored on Miguel Cabrera 's groundout . Johnson hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Johnson hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Mets a 2 - 1 lead . Johnson hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
It was Johnson 's first home run since July 26 . Johnson hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
The right - hander struck out one and did not walk a batter for the second time this season . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth	True
SEATTLE -- The Boston Red Sox had a chance to take a 2 - 0 lead in the ninth inning , but Brock Holt was thrown out at the plate trying to score from second	False
Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 3 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings to get the win . Brad Ziegler pitched the 11th	True
It was the second time this season the Red Sox have hit back - to - back homers . O'Malley led off the bottom of the second	True
It was the second time this season the Red Sox have hit back - to - back homers . O'Malley led off the bottom of the second with a home run to left - center , his first	False
It was the second time this season the Red Sox have hit back - to - back homers . Mookie Betts had an RBI double in the fifth	True
It was the second time this season the Red Sox have hit back - to - back homers . Mookie Betts had an RBI double in the fifth and O'Malley homered in the fifth	True
Happ ( 15 - 3 ) allowed one run and four hits with six strikeouts in six innings to win for the first time in four starts . Roberto Osuna pitched the ninth	True
The Blue Jays have won five of their last six games . Houston 's Edwin Encarnacion hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Josh Donaldson 's RBI groundout . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Justin Smoak hit a two - out double to right - center . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
Houston starter Luis Hoyt allowed a run in the first inning on a double by Devon Travis and a run - scoring double by Josh Donaldson . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Zunino hit a solo home run in the eighth inning and the Seattle Mariners rallied for a 5 - 4 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night . Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer off Fernando Abad ( 1 - 5 ) in the bottom of the eighth	True
Robinson Cano hit a three - run homer off Fernando Abad ( 1 - 5 ) in the bottom of the eighth to give the Mariners a 5 - 4 lead . Mike Zunino hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
Donn Roach ( 2 - 0 ) pitched two innings for the win . Edwin Diaz pitched the ninth	True
Edwin Diaz pitched the ninth for his first save of the season . Hanley Ramirez hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
He struck out five , walked one and hit a batter . David Ortiz had a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
He struck out five , walked one and hit a batter . David Ortiz had a sacrifice fly in the eighth and a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
David Ortiz had a sacrifice fly in the eighth and a sacrifice fly in the eighth . Cano hit a three - run homer in the eighth	False
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Boston scored three runs in the fourth	True
CINCINNATI -- Scott Schebler had a chance to get the Cincinnati Reds on the board in the ninth inning . Schebler hit a three - run homer with one out in the bottom of the ninth	True
Schebler hit a three - run homer with one out in the bottom of the ninth to lift the Reds to a 7 - 5 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Joey Votto singled with one out in the ninth	True
Joey Votto singled with one out in the ninth off Seunghwan Oh ( 2 - 2 ) , who allowed three runs and three hits in 1 1/3 innings . Jumbo Diaz ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
Jumbo Diaz ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless ninth for his first major league win . Adam Duvall hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Adam Duvall hit a two - run homer in the seventh for the Reds , who have won four of five . Brandon Moss had three hits , including a solo homer in the eighth	False
Brandon Moss had three hits , including a solo homer in the eighth that gave the Cardinals a 4 - 2 lead . Jedd Gyorko and Tommy Pham hit back - to - back homers off Oh ( 2 - 2 ) in the eighth	True
Jedd Gyorko and Tommy Pham hit back - to - back homers off Oh ( 2 - 2 ) in the eighth to give the Cardinals a 4 - 3 lead . Moss had three hits , including a solo homer in the eighth	True
Moss had three hits , including a solo homer in the eighth that gave the Reds a 4 - 3 lead . Schebler had three hits , including a three - run homer off Ross Ohlendorf in the ninth	True
Zunino hit a go - ahead home run in the seventh inning and the Mariners beat the Oakland Athletics 3 - 2 on Wednesday night . Mike Zunino hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning and Ketel Marte added an RBI single in the eighth	True
He struck out six and walked one . The A 's scored in the fourth	True
Leonys Martin followed with an RBI single to give the Athletics a 1 - 0 lead . Oakland tied it in the sixth	True
Oakland tied it in the sixth . Adam Lind led off with a single and advanced to second	False
Steve Cishek ( 4 - 6 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Edwin Diaz gave up a run in the ninth	True
Dansby Swanson hit a tying homer in the sixth inning and the Atlanta Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5 - 2 on Tuesday night . Dansby Swanson hit a solo homer off Colton Murray in the sixth	True
Dansby Swanson hit a solo homer off Colton Murray in the sixth to tie the game at 1 . Atlanta 's Rio Ruiz had a two - run single off Jim Johnson in the eighth	False
Atlanta 's Rio Ruiz had a two - run single off Jim Johnson in the eighth to make it 5 - 1 . Mauricio Cabrera ( 5 - 1 ) got one out in the eighth	False
Jeanmar Gomez ( 3 - 5 ) took the loss . Jeanmar Gomez ( 3 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up four runs , three hits and two walks in one - third	True
Jeanmar Gomez ( 3 - 5 ) took the loss , giving up four runs , three hits and two walks in one - third of an inning . Jeanmar Krol struck out pinch - hitter Jimmy Paredes with the bases loaded to end the eighth	True
Jeanmar Krol struck out pinch - hitter Jimmy Paredes with the bases loaded to end the eighth . David Hernandez got the final two outs in the eighth	False
Jeanmar Krol struck out pinch - hitter Jimmy Paredes with the bases loaded to end the eighth . David Hernandez got the final two outs in the eighth and Jim Johnson gave up a run - scoring single to Aaron Altherr in the ninth	False
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Odubel Herrera 's RBI single . Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Odubel Herrera 's RBI single . Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Swanson led off with a homer to left - center , his third	False
Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Swanson led off with a homer to left - center , his third of the season . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Freddy Galvis ' two - out single . Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
Freddie Freeman and Tyler Flowers also homered for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Philadelphia 's Ryan Howard hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the sixth	True
Freddie Freeman and Tyler Flowers also homered for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Mauricio Cabrera ( 4 - 1 ) got the final out in the eighth	True
Mauricio Cabrera ( 4 - 1 ) got the final out in the eighth for the win . Jim Johnson pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Phillies scored three runs in the second inning to take a 6 - 0 lead . Odubel Herrera led off with a single , stole second	False
Baez hit a grand slam , Kyle Hendricks pitched six scoreless innings and the Chicago Cubs beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 12 - 2 on Tuesday night . Baez hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and added a two - run single in the sixth	True
Baez hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and added a two - run single in the sixth . Baez hit a three - run homer in the fourth	True
Baez hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and added a two - run single in the sixth . Baez hit a three - run homer in the fourth and added a two - run single in the sixth	False
Baez hit a three - run homer in the fourth and added a two - run single in the sixth . Baez hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and added a two - run single in the sixth	False
Baez hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and added a two - run single in the sixth . Baez hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and added a two - run single in the sixth	False
Baez hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and added a two - run single in the sixth . Baez hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and added a two - run single in the sixth	False
Baez hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and added a two - run single in the sixth . Baez hit a three - run homer in the fourth	True
Baez hit a three - run homer in the fourth inning and added a two - run single in the sixth . Baez hit a three - run homer in the fourth and added a two - run single in the sixth	False
Baez hit a three - run homer in the fourth and added a two - run single in the sixth . Bryant hit a two - run homer in the sixth	False
Adam Rosales and Wil Myers hit RBI singles in the seventh inning , and the Padres beat the San Francisco Giants 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Brandon Morrow ( 1 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the seventh	True
He walked three and struck out one . San Francisco took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
San Francisco took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Buster Posey 's two - run single . Buster Posey hit a two - run single in the third	True
Buster Posey hit a two - run single in the third to give San Francisco a 3 - 1 lead . Margot had three hits , including an RBI single in the second	True
Margot had three hits , including an RBI single in the second . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Kelby Tomlinson 's RBI groundout . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
San Francisco tied it in the bottom half on Wil Myers ' two - out RBI single . The Giants tied the game at 3 in the bottom of the third	True
The Giants tied the game at 3 in the bottom of the third on a two - run homer by Adam Rosales and a run - scoring single by Yangervis Solarte . San Francisco took a 3 - 1 lead in the third	True
He struck out four and walked one . Pittsburgh 's Drew Hutchison struck out four in two scoreless innings , and Zach Locke pitched the eighth	True
Pittsburgh 's Drew Hutchison struck out four in two scoreless innings , and Zach Locke pitched the eighth for the Nationals . Pittsburgh 's Drew Hutchison struck out four in two scoreless innings , and Zach Locke pitched the eighth	False
Pittsburgh 's Drew Hutchison struck out four in two scoreless innings , and Zach Locke pitched the eighth for the Nationals . Pittsburgh 's Jeff Locke pitched the eighth	False
Pittsburgh 's Drew Hutchison struck out four in two scoreless innings , and Zach Locke pitched the eighth for the Nationals . Pittsburgh 's Jeff Locke pitched the eighth and Sean Burnett got the final out in the eighth	True
Pittsburgh 's Jeff Locke pitched the eighth and Sean Burnett got the final out in the eighth . Sean Burnett got the final out in the eighth	False
Pittsburgh 's Jeff Locke pitched the eighth and Sean Burnett got the final out in the eighth . Sean Burnett got the final out in the eighth , and Marc Rzepczynski got the final out of the eighth	False
Sean Burnett got the final out in the eighth , and Marc Rzepczynski got the final out of the eighth . Pittsburgh 's Trea Turner extended his hitting streak to 14 games with a leadoff triple in the first	True
The Giants have lost four of five . Myers hit a three - run homer off Albert Suarez ( 3 - 5 ) in the first inning and a three - run shot in the first	True
Myers hit a three - run homer off Albert Suarez ( 3 - 5 ) in the first inning and a three - run shot in the first . Myers hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the fifth	True
It was his third home run of the season . Myers , who had a career - high four RBIs , hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the fifth	True
Myers , who had a career - high four RBIs , hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the fifth . The Padres scored three runs in the fifth	True
He struck out six and walked one . Tony Watson pitched the ninth	True
Rodriguez hit a two - out , two - run single and Rodriguez followed with a two - run single to make it 3 - 0 . Rodriguez hit a solo home run in the fourth	True
Rodriguez hit a two - out , two - run single and Rodriguez followed with a two - run single to make it 3 - 0 . Rodriguez hit a solo home run in the fourth , his first	False
Rodriguez hit a solo home run in the fourth , his first of the season , and Rodriguez 's two - out , two - run single later in the inning made it 4 - 0 . Jonathan Villar added a two - out RBI single in the fifth	True
The Yankees have lost four of five . Sanchez hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the third	True
Sanchez hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the third . Sanchez hit a three - run homer in the second	True
Sanchez hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the third . Sanchez hit a three - run homer in the second and a solo shot in the sixth	False
Sanchez hit a three - run homer in the second and a solo shot in the sixth . Sanchez hit a three - run homer in the second	True
Sanchez hit a three - run homer in the second and a solo shot in the sixth . Sanchez hit a three - run homer in the second and a solo shot in the sixth	False
It was his second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 26 . Sanchez hit a solo homer in the third	True
It was his second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 26 . Sanchez hit a solo homer in the third and a solo shot off Justin Warren in the sixth	True
It was his second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 26 . Sanchez hit a solo homer in the third	True
It was his second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 26 . Sanchez hit a solo homer in the third and a solo shot in the sixth	True
He was recalled from Triple-A Memphis earlier in the day to make his first start of the season in place of Adam Wainwright , who was placed on the 15 - day disabled list with a right shoulder strain . LeMahieu had a sacrifice fly in the first	True
He was recalled from Triple-A Memphis earlier in the day to make his first start of the season in place of Adam Wainwright , who was placed on the 15 - day disabled list with a right shoulder strain . LeMahieu had a sacrifice fly in the first and a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
He walked three and struck out five . T. J. Rivera hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
T. J. Rivera hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Freeman had four hits , including a two - run double in the fourth	True
T. J. Rivera hit a two - run homer in the fourth for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Freeman had four hits , including a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth	True
Freeman had four hits , including a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . He also had a two - run double in the fourth	True
Freeman had four hits , including a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . He also had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run single in the seventh	True
He also had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run single in the seventh . Swanson had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh	True
Swanson had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh that gave the Braves a 7 - 2 lead . Freeman , who had four hits , had a two - run double in the fourth	True
Swanson had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh that gave the Braves a 7 - 2 lead . Freeman , who had four hits , had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth	True
Freeman , who had four hits , had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . He also had a two - run double in the fourth	True
Freeman , who had four hits , had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . He also had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth	True
He also had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . Freeman also had a two - run double in the fourth	False
He also had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . Freeman also had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth	False
Freeman also had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . He also had a two - run double in the fourth	True
Freeman also had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth . He also had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run double in the fourth	False
Robby Scott ( 1 - 0 ) got two outs for his first major league win . Koji Uehara pitched the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out three . Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth to make it 5 - 3 . Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth	False
Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth to make it 5 - 3 . Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth	False
Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth to make it 5 - 4 . Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth	False
Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth to make it 5 - 4 . Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth	False
Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth to make it 5 - 4 . Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth	False
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ramirez , who hit a three - run shot in Tuesday 's win over the New York Yankees . Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Ramirez , who hit a three - run shot in Tuesday 's win over the New York Yankees . Ramirez hit a three - run homer in the fifth and a solo shot in the seventh	True
He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Adonis Garcia had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth	True
He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Adonis Garcia had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth , and Bryce Harper drove in a run with a single in the sixth	True
He walked three and struck out four . The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Dee Gordon 's RBI single in the fifth cut the deficit to 2 - 1 . Herrera hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
It was Yelich 's first home run since May 21 . Galvis had three hits , including a solo homer in the sixth	True
Mike Dunn ( 4 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . A. J. Ramos worked around a leadoff walk in the ninth	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Herrera and a run - scoring single by Dee Gordon . Herrera led off the third	True
Herrera led off the third with a homer to left - center to make it 2 - 0 . Herrera led off the third	True
The right - hander struck out three and did not walk a batter . Alex Colome pitched the ninth	True
Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the first inning when Manny Machado hit a sacrifice fly and Brad Miller drove in a run with a fielder 's choice . Tampa Bay went up 1 - 0 in the third	True
Tampa Bay went up 1 - 0 in the third when Adam Jones doubled and scored on a sacrifice fly by Richie Shaffer . Tampa Bay went up 1 - 0 in the third	False
Tampa Bay went up 1 - 0 in the third when Longoria led off with a double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Hyun Soo Kim . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the third	False
The Brewers have lost five of their last six games . Chris Carter hit a two - run homer off Blaine Boyer in the ninth	True
Jonathan Villar hit a solo homer in the second inning for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
Milwaukee took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Votto 's two - out , two - run double and Brandon Phillips ' sacrifice fly . The Reds took a 5 - 2 lead in the third	True
The Reds took a 5 - 2 lead in the third on Adam Duvall 's two - run double and Scott Schebler 's run - scoring single . Cincinnati added a run in the eighth	True
T. J. Salas ( 2 - 2 ) took the loss . Jeurys Familia ( 3 - 3 ) earned the win with a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out six and walked two . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out RBI triple by Curtis Granderson . Washington tied it in the third	True
Washington tied it in the bottom half on Rivera 's sacrifice fly . Washington tied it in the fifth	True
Washington tied it in the bottom half on Rivera 's sacrifice fly . Washington tied it in the fifth when Asdrubal Cabrera singled , stole second	False
Washington tied it in the bottom half on Rivera 's sacrifice fly . Washington tied it in the fifth when Asdrubal Cabrera singled , stole second , went to third	False
Washington tied it in the fifth when Asdrubal Cabrera singled , stole second , went to third on a wild pitch and scored on Rivera 's sacrifice fly . Rivera hit a sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
Joe Napoli singled in the winning run with two outs in the 12th inning to give the Twins a 2 - 1 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Brian Dozier led off the 12th	True
Joe Napoli singled in the winning run with two outs in the 12th inning to give the Twins a 2 - 1 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Brian Dozier led off the 12th with a single off Joe Colon ( 1 - 2 ) and advanced to second	False
Joe Mauer then lined a 1 - 1 pitch to right - center for his first career game - ending hit . Chargois ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect 12th	True
It was the second time this season the Indians have hit back - to - back home runs . Buxton hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Joe Colon ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Cody Allen pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked two and struck out three . Adames hit a two - run single in the fifth	True
It was the fourth time this season the Padres have hit back - to - back home runs . Schimpf hit a three - run homer in the third	True
It was the fourth time this season the Padres have hit back - to - back home runs . Schimpf hit a three - run homer in the third , his third	False
Schimpf hit a three - run homer in the third , his third of the season . The Padres added three more runs in the sixth	True
The Padres added three more runs in the sixth , including a two - run homer by Cristhian Adames , and a two - run single by Travis Jankowski . Norris hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
The Indians have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind the AL West-leading Los Angeles Angels . Cody Allen struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Cody Allen struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 26th save in 30 chances . The Indians , who have lost three of four , took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Indians , who have lost three of four , took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Alex Bregman 's RBI double . The Indians tied it in the third	True
Jose Quintana allowed four runs and eight hits in 6 2/3 innings for Chicago , which has won four of five . Justin Upton hit a three - run homer in the second inning and Melky Cabrera had an RBI double in the third	True
Chris Beck ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 1 1/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . David Robertson pitched the ninth	True
David Robertson pitched the ninth for his 35th save in 38 chances . Shane Greene ( 3 - 4 ) took the loss , allowing three runs and three hits in one - third	True
He struck out three and walked one . The Tigers took a 3 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Tigers took a 3 - 1 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Justin Upton and a run - scoring double by Melky Cabrera . The White Sox tied it in the third	True
The Tigers took a 3 - 1 lead in the second on a two - run homer by Justin Upton and a run - scoring double by Melky Cabrera . The White Sox tied it in the third on a two - run homer by Upton , and a run - scoring double by Jose Iglesias in the seventh	True
Chris Heisey hit a three - run homer and Nick Markakis had three hits for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Atlanta 's Jace Peterson drove in two runs with an RBI double in the second inning and a run - scoring fielder 's choice in the sixth	True
Jace Peterson drove in a pair of runs for the Braves , who have lost three of four . Atlanta 's Freddie Freeman had two hits , including a run - scoring single off Mark Melancon in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Braves scored two runs in the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked four . The Cardinals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth	True
The Cardinals took a 2 - 1 lead in the fifth on a two - run single by Zack Cozart and a two - run single by Ramon Cabrera . The Cardinals added three runs in the eighth	True
Joey Votto drew a bases - loaded walk from Dean Kiekhefer , and Adam Duvall 's sacrifice fly made it 6 - 1 . Barnhart added a two - run double off Dean Kiekhefer in the eighth	True
Barnhart added a two - run double off Dean Kiekhefer in the eighth . Peraza added a two - run single in the eighth	True
Peraza added a two - run single in the eighth . Peraza added a two - run single in the eighth	True
He struck out five and walked a season - high seven . Michael Lorenzen pitched the eighth	True
He struck out five and walked a season - high seven . Michael Lorenzen pitched the eighth and Jonathan Broxton got two outs in the eighth	True
He struck out three and did not walk a batter . Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
He struck out three and walked two . Cheslor Cuthbert hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
The Royals have lost five of six and are 2 1/2 games behind the first - place Chicago White Sox in the AL Central . Gomes hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Phil Hughes ( 4 - 1 ) gave up four runs and 10 hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Twins , who have won four of five . Brandon Kintzler gave up Whit Merrifield 's solo homer in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . Lorenzo Cain hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Lorenzo Cain hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Royals , who have lost four of five . Sano hit a three - run homer in the third inning and added a run - scoring single in the fourth	True
Sano hit a three - run homer in the third inning and added a run - scoring single in the fourth . Sano hit a three - run homer in the third	True
Sano hit a three - run homer in the third inning and added a run - scoring single in the fourth . Sano hit a three - run homer in the third and added a run - scoring single in the fourth	False
Max Kepler 's RBI grounder and Brandon Moss ' run - scoring single made it 5 - 2 . Sano added a run - scoring single in the sixth	True
Sano added a run - scoring single in the sixth to make it 6 - 3 . Alcides Escobar had an RBI single in the sixth	False
Cruz hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and the Indians beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Cruz hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the first	True
Cruz hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a two - run shot in the first . Cruz hit a two - run shot in the first inning , and Kyle Seager added a solo shot in the first	True
He struck out seven and walked three . Andrew Miller struck out four in 1 2/3 hitless innings , and Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
Andrew Miller struck out four in 1 2/3 hitless innings , and Cody Allen pitched the ninth for his sixth save in six chances . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Jose Ramirez 's two - run double in the bottom half made it 3 - 0 . Jose Ramirez hit a two - run double in the first	True
Jose Ramirez 's two - run double in the bottom half made it 3 - 0 . Jose Ramirez hit a two - run double in the first , and Kyle Seager added a solo homer in the first	True
Jose Ramirez hit a two - run double in the first , and Kyle Seager added a solo homer in the first . The Mariners took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out five , walked three and hit a batter . John Jaso hit a solo home run in the ninth	True
Miami 's Gregory Polanco led off the second inning with a double and scored on a single by Jordy Mercer . Francisco Cervelli drew a bases - loaded walk in the sixth	True
Francisco Cervelli drew a bases - loaded walk in the sixth to make it 3 - 0 . Jordy Prado doubled with one out in the seventh	False
He struck out seven and did n't walk a batter . Robinson Cano hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Ariel Miranda ( 2 - 2 ) allowed one run and two hits in 5 1/3 innings for the Mariners . Edwin Diaz got four outs for his fourth save , striking out the side in the ninth	True
Carlos Santana went 0 - for - 4 , ending his career - best hitting streak at 20 games -- longest in the majors this season . Carlos Ruiz had a two - run homer in the ninth	True
The Red Sox have lost six of seven . Starlin Castro added an RBI single in the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . Andrew Miller got two outs in the eighth	True
He struck out five and walked three . Andrew Miller got two outs in the eighth and Boone Logan pitched a perfect eighth	True
He struck out five and walked three . Andrew Miller got two outs in the eighth and Boone Logan pitched a perfect eighth before Andrew Miller got the final two outs in the ninth	False
Josh Reddick had a two - run single and Norichika Aoki had three hits and drove in a run for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Cleveland 's Austin Jackson hit a solo homer in the third	True
Ty Blach ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs and four hits in five innings for the Giants , who have lost four of five . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Buster Posey 's RBI single in the third gave the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Buster Posey 's RBI single in the third gave the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Justin Turner doubled , took third	False
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Justin Turner doubled , took third on a wild pitch and scored on Yasiel Puig 's single . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Justin Turner doubled , took third on a wild pitch and scored on Yasiel Puig 's single . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Corey Seager walked , stole second	False
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Corey Seager walked , stole second and scored on Adrian Gonzalez 's fielder 's choice . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Corey Seager walked , stole second and scored on Adrian Gonzalez 's fielder 's choice . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Hunter Pence singled , stole second	False
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Hunter Pence singled , stole second and scored on Posey 's single . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Hunter Pence singled , stole second and scored on Posey 's single . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Justin Turner led off with a single , stole second	False
The right - hander gave up a run in the first inning on a double by Josh Harrison and a sacrifice fly by David Freese . The Yankees had runners on first	False
The right - hander gave up a run in the first inning on a double by Josh Harrison and a sacrifice fly by David Freese . The Yankees had runners on first and second	False
The right - hander gave up a run in the first inning on a double by Josh Harrison and a sacrifice fly by David Freese . The Yankees had runners on first and second with one out in the first	True
The Yankees had runners on first and second with one out in the first , but Nova got Jose Osuna to ground into an inning - ending double play . Ellsbury homered leading off the seventh	True
The Yankees have lost six of their past seven games and are 2 - 6 on their nine - game homestand . Tony Watson pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked three . Pittsburgh 's Chris Carter hit a three - run homer off Antonio Bastardo in the eighth	True
He struck out four and walked three . Pittsburgh 's Chris Carter hit a three - run homer off Antonio Bastardo in the eighth , and Aaron Hicks added a solo shot in the ninth	False
The Pirates have lost seven of their past nine games . Pittsburgh 's David Freese hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the fourth	True
Pittsburgh 's David Freese hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the fourth . The Pirates scored three times in the sixth	True
Corey Seager hit a two - run homer , Archie Bradley pitched two innings and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 13 - 5 on Tuesday night . The Dodgers took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth inning on Corey Lamb 's two - run single and Andrew Toles ' two - out RBI single in the sixth	True
The Dodgers took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth inning on Corey Lamb 's two - run single and Andrew Toles ' two - out RBI single in the sixth . Chris Taylor 's pinch - hit homer in the seventh gave the Dodgers a 5 - 4 lead , and Paul Goldschmidt added a two - run single in the eighth	False
Chris Taylor 's pinch - hit homer in the seventh gave the Dodgers a 5 - 4 lead , and Paul Goldschmidt added a two - run single in the eighth to give the Diamondbacks a 12 - 5 lead . Yasmany Tomas had a two - run double and Daniel Descalso had a pinch - hit RBI double in the eighth	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run homer by Corey Seager , who had three hits and drove in three runs . Pollock led off the game with a home run , his third	False
Pollock led off the bottom half with his third home run of the season . The Diamondbacks tied it at 2 in the fifth	True
He struck out nine and walked two . Anthony Swarzak , Dan Jennings and Nate Jones combined for four scoreless innings , and Anthony Swarzak struck out two in a perfect eighth	True
Anthony Swarzak , Dan Jennings and Nate Jones combined for four scoreless innings , and Anthony Swarzak struck out two in a perfect eighth . Nate Jones struck out the side in the eighth	True
Anthony Swarzak , Dan Jennings and Nate Jones combined for four scoreless innings , and Anthony Swarzak struck out two in a perfect eighth . Nate Jones struck out the side in the eighth , and Dan Jennings got the final out in the eighth	False
Nate Jones struck out the side in the eighth , and Dan Jennings got the final out in the eighth . Nate Jones struck out the side in the eighth	False
Nate Jones struck out the side in the eighth , and Dan Jennings got the final out in the eighth . Nate Jones struck out the side in the eighth , and Dan Jennings got the final out in the eighth	False
Chacin ( 2 - 2 ) allowed three hits , struck out five and walked one . Brandon Maurer pitched the ninth	True
Brandon Maurer pitched the ninth for his second save . Erick Aybar hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
The Diamondbacks have lost six of their last seven games . Arizona 's Travis Jankowski extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first	True
Francisco Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and one hit in two - thirds of an inning . The Tigers took a 7 - 7 lead in the sixth	True
The Tigers took a 7 - 7 lead in the sixth on a two - run triple by Nicholas Castellanos and a two - run single by Victor Martinez . Longoria had a two - run single in the fourth	True
The Tigers took a 7 - 7 lead in the sixth on a two - run triple by Nicholas Castellanos and a two - run single by Victor Martinez . Longoria had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth	True
Longoria had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth that put the Rays ahead 5 - 1 . Longoria had a two - run single in the fourth	True
Longoria had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth that put the Rays ahead 5 - 1 . Longoria had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth	False
Longoria had a two - run single in the fourth and a two - run single in the fourth that put the Rays ahead 5 - 1 . The Rays took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He allowed five hits and two walks while striking out three . Ken Giles struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Walker ( 2 - 1 ) allowed one run and four hits in five innings , struck out seven and walked one . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out two . Chris Iannetta led off the third inning with his first home run of the season , and Yasiel Puig drove in the Diamondbacks ' first run with a double in the fourth	True
The right - hander , who signed a one - year , $ 1 million contract with the Dodgers in December , struck out seven and walked one . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a bases - loaded walk to Paul Goldschmidt and a bases - loaded walk to Yasiel Puig . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third on a bases - loaded walk to Jake Lamb and a run - scoring double by Paul Goldschmidt . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third . Yasmani Grandal led off with a single , stole second	False
Yasmani Grandal led off with a single , stole second and scored on Jake Lamb 's bases - loaded walk . The Dodgers took a 2 - 0 lead in the third	True
Avisail Garcia hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning and the White Sox beat the Minnesota Twins 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Leury Garcia singled with one out in the 10th	True
Nate Jones ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . David Robertson pitched the 10th	True
The Twins have lost five of their last six games . Minnesota 's Jose Abreu was hit by a pitch leading off the fifth	True
The Twins have lost five of their last six games . Minnesota 's Jose Abreu was hit by a pitch leading off the fifth , stole second	False
The Twins have lost five of their last six games . Minnesota 's Jose Abreu was hit by a pitch leading off the fifth , stole second and advanced to third	False
He scored on a sacrifice fly by Matt Davidson to tie the game at 1 . The White Sox had runners on first	False
He scored on a sacrifice fly by Matt Davidson to tie the game at 1 . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
He scored on a sacrifice fly by Matt Davidson to tie the game at 1 . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Tommy Kahnle struck out Kevan Smith to end the threat . Minnesota tied it in the eighth	False
Mancini hit a three - run shot off J. A. Happ in the sixth inning and added a solo shot in the eighth	True
Bundy ( 2 - 1 ) allowed five hits , walked one and struck out six . He was replaced by Matt Dermody , who gave up a two - run homer to Kevin Pillar in the eighth	True
The Dodgers have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their 10 - game homestand . Justin Turner had a two - run double in the fourth	True
The Dodgers have lost five of six and are 1 - 5 on their 10 - game homestand . Justin Turner had a two - run double in the fourth , and Yasiel Puig drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
Justin Turner had a two - run double in the fourth , and Yasiel Puig drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the fifth . Andrew Toles hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Justin Turner had a two - run double in the fourth , and Yasiel Puig drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the fifth . Andrew Toles hit a two - run homer in the eighth , and Chris Owings had an RBI double in the ninth	False
Andrew Toles hit a two - run homer in the eighth , and Chris Owings had an RBI double in the ninth for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Arizona 's Adrian Gonzalez hit an RBI single in the third	True
Andrew Toles hit a two - run homer in the eighth , and Chris Owings had an RBI double in the ninth for the Diamondbacks , who have lost four of five . Arizona 's Adrian Gonzalez hit an RBI single in the third , and Logan Forsythe had an RBI single in the third	True
Arizona 's Adrian Gonzalez hit an RBI single in the third , and Logan Forsythe had an RBI single in the third . The Diamondbacks added a run in the fifth	True
The Diamondbacks added a run in the fifth on a sacrifice fly by Yasiel Puig and a sacrifice fly by Corey Seager . The Diamondbacks added a run in the eighth	True
The Diamondbacks added a run in the eighth on an RBI double by Chris Owings and a run - scoring single by Yasiel Puig . Pedro Baez got the final two outs of the eighth	False
The Diamondbacks added a run in the eighth on an RBI double by Chris Owings and a run - scoring single by Yasiel Puig . Pedro Baez got the final two outs of the eighth and Tom Wilhelmsen worked a perfect eighth	True
The Pirates won for the seventh time in eight games and improved to 8 - 1 in extra - inning games this season . Freeman homered twice , including a solo shot in the seventh	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Braves tied it at 2 in the fourth	True
He struck out two and walked one . The Cubs scored two runs in the third	True
Bryant hit a two - run double and Albert Almora Jr. added a run - scoring single to make it 4 - 2 . Bryant 's two - run double off Jhan Marinez ( 0 - 2 ) made it 4 - 2 in the third	True
Bryant 's two - run double off Jhan Marinez ( 0 - 2 ) made it 4 - 2 in the third . The Cubs tied it in the fourth	False
The right - hander struck out three and walked one . Justin Wilson pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out five and walked three . James McCann hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
James McCann hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Red Sox , who have lost three of four . Jose Taylor hit a solo homer in the third	True
James McCann hit a solo homer in the fifth for the Red Sox , who have lost three of four . Jose Taylor hit a solo homer in the third , and Ian Kinsler added an RBI single in the fifth	False
Jose Taylor hit a solo homer in the third , and Ian Kinsler added an RBI single in the fifth . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He walked three and struck out one . David Freese hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the fifth	True
Ender Inciarte had two hits and drove in a run for the Braves , who have lost three of four . Atlanta 's Andrew McCutchen had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the third	True
Atlanta 's Andrew McCutchen had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the third . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Ender Inciarte followed with an RBI double to give the Braves a 2 - 0 lead . The Braves added two runs in the fifth	True
The Braves added two runs in the fifth on an RBI single by McCutchen and a run - scoring single by Jordy Mercer . The Braves added a run in the seventh	True
MINNEAPOLIS -- Eduardo Escobar and Miguel Sano each homered and drove in four runs to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 9 - 1 victory over the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night . Eduardo Escobar hit a three - run homer in the seventh inning , and Miguel Sano added a three - run triple in the seventh	True
The Twins scored three times in the second inning to take a 3 - 0 lead . Escobar walked , stole second	False
Sano followed with a triple into the right - field corner to make it 3 - 1 . The Twins scored three times in the fourth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Ozuna hit a two - run homer off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) in the first inning and added an RBI single in the third	True
Ozuna hit a two - run homer off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) in the first inning and added an RBI single in the third . Bour hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Ozuna hit a two - run homer off Aaron Nola ( 2 - 3 ) in the first inning and added an RBI single in the third . Bour hit a two - run homer in the sixth and a two - run shot in the sixth	True
Ozuna also had a run - scoring single in the first inning . The Marlins scored three runs in the first	True
The Marlins scored three runs in the first , including a run - scoring single by Dee Gordon and a run - scoring single by Maikel Franco . Ozuna hit a two - run homer in the first	True
The Marlins scored three runs in the first , including a run - scoring single by Dee Gordon and a run - scoring single by Maikel Franco . Ozuna hit a two - run homer in the first and Ozuna added a run - scoring single in the fourth	True
Ozuna hit a two - run homer in the first and Ozuna added a run - scoring single in the fourth to give the Marlins a 4 - 0 lead . Bour hit a two - run homer off Ricardo Pinto in the sixth	True
It was the first multihomer game of his career and the first time he has hit back - to - back home runs this season . Bour hit a two - run shot off Ricardo Pinto in the sixth	True
Cody Bellinger hit a solo homer for the Cardinals , who have lost three of four . Logan Forsythe hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
In his previous start , he struck out seven , walked one and allowed only one runner past first base . He struck out the side in the eighth	True
In his previous start , he struck out seven , walked one and allowed only one runner past first base . He struck out the side in the eighth , and Koda Glover worked a perfect ninth	True
McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the second inning to give the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the second inning and d'Arnaud added a run - scoring single in the second	True
McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the second inning to give the Mets a 2 - 0 lead . It was his third home run of the season and second	False
It was his third home run of the season and second in two days . Bruce hit a solo shot in the fourth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Wheeler in five starts this season . McCutchen hit a two - run homer in the second	True
The right - hander struck out five , walked four and hit a batter . Chase Utley had a two - run single in the fifth	True
The Cubs have lost five of six and have been shut out for the first time this season . The Cubs scored their only run in the fourth	True
The Cubs have lost five of six and have been shut out for the first time this season . The Cubs scored their only run in the fourth when Yasmani Grandal singled , stole second	False
He struck out eight and walked one . Stephen Vogt hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
He walked none and struck out a season - high 13 . Khris Davis had an RBI single in the eighth	True
Gonzalez had three hits , including a three - run homer , and drove in three runs . Michael Saunders hit a two - run homer off Mike Dunn in the eighth	True
It was the first homer allowed by Dunn in the majors this season . The Phillies scored two runs in the third	True
Charlie Blackmon hit a two - run single and Gerardo Parra followed with a sacrifice fly . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the third	True
It was Gonzalez 's 20th home run of the season . The Rockies added a run in the third	True
The Rockies added a run in the third on Nolan Arenado 's RBI single and a sacrifice fly by Tony Wolters . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the third	True
Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the third to give the Rockies a 6 - 0 lead . Gonzalez hit a three - run homer in the third	False
He struck out four and walked three . Rizzo hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a solo shot in the fourth	True
Denard Span and Mac Williamson also went deep for the Cubs , who have won five of six . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Brandon Crawford led off with a double and scored on Javier Baez 's sacrifice fly . Rizzo tied it in the third	True
It was Rizzo 's second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 28 , 2012 , against the Chicago White Sox . Rizzo hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
It was Rizzo 's second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 28 , 2012 , against the Chicago White Sox . Rizzo hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Wade Davis , and Mac Williamson hit a two - run shot off George Kontos in the ninth	True
It was Williamson 's first home run since he was acquired in a trade with the Chicago Cubs on July 31 . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Santana pitched a two - hitter for his first career shutout , and the Minnesota Twins beat the Baltimore Orioles 2 - 0 on Tuesday night . Santana ( 7 - 2 ) struck out six and walked two in his second career shutout and second	False
The Orioles have lost four of five and are 1 - 4 on their current 10 - game road trip . Dozier homered off Twins reliever Richard Bleier in the seventh	True
Dozier homered off Twins reliever Richard Bleier in the seventh to make it 2 - 0 . Dozier connected in the seventh	False
It was Dozier 's 20th home run of the season . The Orioles went up 1 - 0 in the fifth	True
Jorge Polanco drew a one - out walk and scored on a single by Byron Buxton . Jorge Polanco drew a two - out walk in the bottom half , stole second	False
WASHINGTON -- Anthony Rendon 's first career two - homer game was his first multihomer game of the season , and the Washington Nationals beat the Seattle Mariners 10 - 1 on Tuesday night . Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth	True
Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Nationals a 10 - 0 lead . Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth	False
Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth . It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first	False
It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth	True
He also doubled and scored in the second inning . Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth	True
Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth . It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first	False
Werth 's two - run shot in the fourth gave the Nationals a 10 - 0 lead . Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth	True
Rendon hit a two - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth . It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first	False
The Giants have lost four of five . Rizzo hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
The Giants have lost four of five . Rizzo hit a two - run homer in the fourth , and Kyle Schwarber hit a solo shot in the second	True
Rizzo hit a two - run homer in the fourth , and Kyle Schwarber hit a solo shot in the second . Rizzo hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
It was the first homer allowed by Cueto in his last five starts , and the first time he has allowed more than three homers in a game this season . Rizzo hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
It was the first homer allowed by Cueto in his last five starts , and the first time he has allowed more than three homers in a game this season . Rizzo hit a two - run homer in the fourth to make it 2 - 0 , and Heyward connected in the fourth	True
He struck out seven and walked four . Keone Kela pitched a perfect ninth	True
Ian Kinsler homered for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Detroit took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Detroit took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Jonathan Lucroy 's RBI single . The Rangers tied it in the second	True
The Rangers tied it in the second on Robinson Chirinos ' RBI single . Kinsler led off the bottom of the first	True
The Rangers tied it in the second on Robinson Chirinos ' RBI single . Kinsler led off the bottom of the first with his sixth homer of the season , and the Rangers tied it in the second	False
Elvis Andrus led off with a double and scored on Robinson Chirinos ' single . Miguel Cabrera 's RBI single made it 2 - 2 in the second	True
The right - hander struck out six , walked three and hit a batter . Chris Herrmann hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Paul Goldschmidt had a two - run single in the first	True
Lamb had an RBI double and Yasmany Tomas added a two - run single . The Diamondbacks added three more runs in the second	True
Goldschmidt followed with a two - run single , and Peralta scored on a wild pitch . Peralta doubled and scored on Lamb 's single in the fourth	True
Peralta doubled and scored on Lamb 's single in the fourth to make it 8 - 0 . The Padres added three runs in the ninth	True
Allen Cordoba had an RBI single , and Rey Fuentes drove in a run with a groundout . Allen Cordoba had an RBI single off J. J. Hoover in the ninth	True
Baltimore has lost six of seven . The Blue Jays trailed 5 - 4 in the seventh	True
He struck out five and walked one . Bautista hit a three - run homer off Danny Barnes ( 0 - 2 ) in the seventh	True
It was the third time this season the Orioles have hit back - to - back home runs . Bautista hit a three - run shot off Mychal Givens ( 5 - 0 ) in the seventh	True
Bautista hit a three - run shot off Mychal Givens ( 5 - 0 ) in the seventh to make it 5 - 4 . Brad Brach pitched a perfect ninth	True
Brad Brach pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out four and walked two . Wade Davis pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked three and struck out four . Kyle Schwarber hit a two - run single in the second inning and Cozart added a solo homer in the third	True
The Cubs scored five runs in the second inning to take a 5 - 1 lead . Cozart led off the third	True
The Cubs scored five runs in the second inning to take a 5 - 1 lead . Cozart led off the third with his third homer of the season and second	False
The Cubs scored five runs in the second inning to take a 5 - 1 lead . Cozart led off the third with his third homer of the season and second in two days , and Anthony Rizzo hit a two - run single in the second	True
Cozart led off the third with his third homer of the season and second in two days , and Anthony Rizzo hit a two - run single in the second to give the Cubs a 5 - 1 lead . Cozart led off the third	True
Cozart led off the third with his third homer of the season and second in two days , and Anthony Rizzo hit a two - run single in the second to give the Cubs a 5 - 1 lead . Cozart led off the third with his third homer of the season and second	False
Cozart led off the third with his third homer of the season and second in two games . The Cubs added three more in the third	True
The Cubs added three more in the third . Miguel Montero drew a leadoff walk , stole second	False
He struck out five and walked two . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia and a sacrifice fly by Matt Carpenter . Betts hit a leadoff homer in the second	True
The Cardinals took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Dustin Pedroia and a sacrifice fly by Matt Carpenter . Betts hit a leadoff homer in the second and Bradley added a run - scoring single in the eighth	True
Betts hit a leadoff homer in the second and Bradley added a run - scoring single in the eighth off Miguel Socolovich to make it 6 - 3 . Christian Vazquez had a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
He struck out five and walked two . The Cardinals took a 3 - 2 lead in the third	True
He walked one and struck out one . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Devon Travis ' sacrifice fly . Bautista hit a two - run homer in the third	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Devon Travis ' sacrifice fly . Bautista hit a two - run homer in the third , his third	False
Bautista hit a two - run homer in the third , his third . Bautista hit a two - run shot off Bergman in the third	True
Bautista hit a two - run homer in the third , his third . Bautista hit a two - run shot off Bergman in the third , his third	False
Bautista hit a two - run shot off Bergman in the third , his third . The Blue Jays added two more in the sixth	False
Ryan Goins hit a one - out double and scored on a single by Darwin Barney , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . The Blue Jays added a run in the sixth	True
MIAMI -- Tyler Flowers hit a two - run homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the seventh inning to help the Atlanta Braves beat the Miami Marlins 8 - 4 on Friday night . Flowers hit his first homer of the season , a two - run shot in the second inning and a two - run single in the seventh	True
Flowers hit his first homer of the season , a two - run shot in the second inning and a two - run single in the seventh . He also had a two - run single in the seventh	True
Flowers hit his first homer of the season , a two - run shot in the second inning and a two - run single in the seventh . He also had a two - run single in the seventh , and the Braves scored four runs in the seventh	True
Justin Bour homered and drove in a run for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Miami 's Derek Dietrich homered off Jim Johnson with one out in the ninth	True
Miami 's Derek Dietrich homered off Jim Johnson with one out in the ninth , his third homer of the season . Jim Johnson gave up a two - run homer to J. T. Realmuto in the bottom of the ninth	False
Jim Johnson gave up a two - run homer to J. T. Realmuto in the bottom of the ninth , but the Marlins scored four runs in the inning . Flowers hit a two - out , two - run homer in the second	True
Zack Cozart hit a go - ahead double in the eighth inning to give the Reds a 3 - 2 lead . Zack Cozart added a run - scoring double in the eighth	True
Wandy Peralta ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win . Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth	True
He struck out two and walked one . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Billy Hamilton led off with a double and scored on Joey Votto 's groundout . The Giants tied it in the fourth	True
The Giants tied it in the fourth when Hamilton doubled and scored on Arroyo 's wild pitch . Cincinnati tied it in the sixth	True
Cincinnati tied it in the sixth when Hamilton doubled and scored on Arroyo 's wild pitch . The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
Cincinnati tied it in the sixth when Hamilton doubled and scored on Arroyo 's wild pitch . The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth on Span 's solo homer , his first	False
The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth on Span 's solo homer , his first of the season . Cincinnati tied it in the sixth	False
The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth on Span 's solo homer , his first of the season . Cincinnati tied it in the sixth when Hamilton doubled , took third	False
He struck out four and walked three . Ken Giles pitched a perfect ninth	True
He walked five and struck out four . Freddie Freeman led off the fourth	True
He walked five and struck out four . Freddie Freeman led off the fourth with a home run and Carlos Correa hit a two - run double in the fifth	True
Freddie Freeman led off the fourth with a home run and Carlos Correa hit a two - run double in the fifth to give the Braves a 2 - 1 lead . Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Yuli Gurriel . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a double by George Springer and a run - scoring single by Correa . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a double by Correa and a sacrifice fly by Marwin Gonzalez . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Yuli Gurriel . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on an RBI double by Correa . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a double by Correa and a double by Jake Marisnick . Atlanta took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
He walked five and struck out seven . Alonso hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the sixth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Alonso hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a solo shot in the sixth	True
Alonso hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a solo shot in the sixth . Alonso hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a solo shot in the sixth	False
Alonso hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a solo shot in the sixth . Alonso hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a solo shot in the sixth	False
He also hit a two - run shot in the first inning off Jharel Wahl ( 0 - 1 ) to give the Angels a 5 - 2 lead . Alonso homered in the sixth	True
It was his second career multi - homer game . Pujols hit his 27th home run of the season , a solo shot in the first	True
It was the first home run of the season for Pujols , who hit a three - run shot in the Angels ' 3 - 2 win over the A 's on Tuesday . Escobar hit a three - run homer in the second	True
It was the first grand slam of the season for Escobar , who hit a three - run homer in the Angels ' 3 - 2 win over the A 's on Tuesday . Escobar hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a run - scoring groundout in the fourth	True
Escobar hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a run - scoring groundout in the fourth . Alonso homered in the sixth	True
He struck out five and walked three . Greg Holland worked a perfect ninth	True
Greg Holland worked a perfect ninth for his 13th save in 14 chances . Pat Valaika hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
He struck out one and did n't walk a batter . Blackmon had three hits , including a solo homer in the seventh	True
Blackmon had three hits , including a solo homer in the seventh that gave the Rockies a 4 - 0 lead . Trevor Story added a run - scoring double in the sixth	True
Trevor Story added a run - scoring double in the sixth and scored on a wild pitch by Adam Ottavino . Colorado added a run in the eighth	False
Colorado added a run in the eighth on an RBI single by Nick Ahmed and a run - scoring double by Daniel Descalso . Arizona added a run in the eighth	False
Arizona added a run in the eighth on an RBI double by Nick Ahmed and a run - scoring double by Nick Ahmed . Arizona added a run in the eighth	False
Arizona added a run in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by pinch - hitter Brandon Drury . The Diamondbacks had runners on first	False
Arizona added a run in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by pinch - hitter Brandon Drury . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second	False
Arizona added a run in the eighth on a sacrifice fly by pinch - hitter Brandon Drury . The Diamondbacks had runners on first and second with two outs in the ninth	True
Andrew Miller ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
The Indians , who have lost four of five , have lost six of seven . Carlos Santana hit a solo homer off Indians closer Joakim Soria in the ninth	True
He struck out three and did not walk a batter . The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Royals took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Michael Brantley hit a two - out double and scored on Eric Hosmer 's single . Jason Kipnis had an RBI single in the eighth	False
The Royals have lost six of seven . Royals right - hander Matt Strahm pitched a scoreless eighth	True
The Royals have lost six of seven . Royals right - hander Matt Strahm pitched a scoreless eighth , and Joakim Soria gave up a run in the ninth	True
Starlin Castro had three hits , including a two - run homer , and Jon Jay and Ben Zobrist also drove in runs for the Yankees , who have won four of five . Yankees starter Brett Anderson ( 2 - 2 ) was tagged for five runs and six hits in one - third	True
Yankees starter Brett Anderson ( 2 - 2 ) was tagged for five runs and six hits in one - third of an inning . The right - hander was tagged for five runs and six hits in one - third	False
The right - hander was tagged for five runs and six hits in one - third of an inning in his shortest outing of the season . Miguel Montero had a two - run single in the eighth	True
The right - hander was tagged for five runs and six hits in one - third of an inning in his shortest outing of the season . Miguel Montero had a two - run single in the eighth , and Javier Baez had an RBI single in a three - run eighth	True
The Cubs jumped on Anderson for five runs in the first inning , highlighted by a two - run double by Gary Sanchez and a two - run double by Chase Headley . Castro hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
The Cubs jumped on Anderson for five runs in the first inning , highlighted by a two - run double by Gary Sanchez and a two - run double by Chase Headley . Castro hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Hicks added a three - run shot in the eighth	True
Castro hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Hicks added a three - run shot in the eighth for the Yankees , who have 19 hits in their last two games . The Yankees scored three times in the first	True
Adam Duvall hit a go - ahead triple in the fifth inning , and the Reds beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Joey Votto had an RBI double and scored the go - ahead run on Gift Ngoepe 's double in the fourth inning , and Adam Duvall added a two - out RBI triple in the fifth	True
Adleman ( 1 - 1 ) allowed six hits and two runs with one walk and five strikeouts in six innings . Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth	True
SEATTLE -- The Seattle Mariners had a chance to take the lead in the eighth inning . Jarrod Dyson hit a two - run double off Blake Parker ( 0 - 2 ) and Kole Calhoun hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
Jarrod Dyson hit a two - run double off Blake Parker ( 0 - 2 ) and Kole Calhoun hit a solo homer in the ninth , lifting the Mariners to an 8 - 7 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . The Angels trailed 6 - 4 in the eighth	True
Jarrod Dyson hit a two - run double off Blake Parker ( 0 - 2 ) and Kole Calhoun hit a solo homer in the ninth , lifting the Mariners to an 8 - 7 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . The Angels trailed 6 - 4 in the eighth before rallying for four runs in the eighth	True
The Angels trailed 6 - 4 in the eighth before rallying for four runs in the eighth . Jean Segura hit a two - run homer and Yunel Escobar added a two - run double in the sixth	True
Jean Machi ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Edwin Diaz gave up a solo home run to Mike Trout in the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ben Revere singled , stole second	False
The Angels took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ben Revere singled , stole second and scored on Cliff Pennington 's two - out single . Seattle took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The right - hander struck out six and walked one . Derek Law retired the side in the ninth	True
The Giants took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on Hunter Pence 's two - run homer and Christian Arroyo 's RBI single . The Giants tied it at 2 in the third	True
The Giants tied it at 2 in the third on a run - scoring groundout by Yasmani Grandal and a run - scoring single by Christian Arroyo . The Giants took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth	True
The Giants took a 4 - 2 lead in the fifth on a two - run homer by Hunter Pence and a run - scoring single by Gorkys Hernandez . The Dodgers tied the game 2 - all in the second	True
The Dodgers tied the game 2 - all in the second on a two - run homer by Buster Posey . The Giants tied it at 2 in the second	True
The Giants tied it at 2 in the second on a two - out RBI single by Christian Arroyo . The Giants tied the game 2 - 2 in the third	True
He walked two and struck out two . Eric Hosmer hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Mike Moustakas homered and Alcides Escobar had three hits for Kansas City , which has won four of five . Perez hit a two - run homer off Daniel Norris ( 4 - 6 ) in the fourth	True
Mike Moustakas homered and Alcides Escobar had three hits for Kansas City , which has won four of five . Perez hit a two - run homer off Daniel Norris ( 4 - 6 ) in the fourth , and Alex Avila added a solo shot in the sixth	False
Perez hit a two - run homer off Daniel Norris ( 4 - 6 ) in the fourth , and Alex Avila added a solo shot in the sixth . Salvador Perez hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Perez hit a two - run homer off Daniel Norris ( 4 - 6 ) in the fourth , and Alex Avila added a solo shot in the sixth . Salvador Perez hit a two - run homer in the fourth , and Miguel Cabrera added a solo shot in the sixth	False
He walked one and struck out three . Gordon 's RBI single in the third gave Kansas City a 1 - 0 lead , and Alcides Escobar led off the fourth	True
Gordon 's RBI single in the third gave Kansas City a 1 - 0 lead , and Alcides Escobar led off the fourth with a double and scored on Gordon 's single . Gordon 's RBI double made it 5 - 0 in the fourth	True
Gordon 's RBI single in the third gave Kansas City a 1 - 0 lead , and Alcides Escobar led off the fourth with a double and scored on Gordon 's single . Gordon 's RBI double made it 5 - 0 in the fourth , and Perez added a run - scoring double in the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked one . Jim Johnson pitched the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out five . Carlos Correa hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
The A 's had lost four of five . Oakland 's Jake Marisnick hit a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Oakland 's Jake Marisnick hit a sacrifice fly in the seventh to make it 4 - 1 . Jake Marisnick added a sacrifice fly in the eighth	True
The Giants have won five of six . Matt Kemp hit a two - run homer off Cory Gearrin ( 1 - 2 ) in the bottom of the 11th	True
Matt Kemp hit a two - run homer off Cory Gearrin ( 1 - 2 ) in the bottom of the 11th to give the Braves a 3 - 1 lead . Luke Jackson ( 2 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the 11th	True
Luke Jackson ( 2 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the 11th for the win . Hunter Pence homered off Jim Johnson leading off the bottom of the 11th	False
Hunter Pence homered off Jim Johnson leading off the bottom of the 11th to give the Giants a 3 - 2 lead . Hunter Pence tied it with a solo homer off Arodys Vizcaino in the top of the ninth	False
He struck out three and walked one . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Brandon Belt 's triple to left - center . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	False
He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter . Tyler Flowers homered off Cory Gearrin ( 1 - 2 ) in the seventh	True
Ervin Santana ( 9 - 4 ) gave up six runs and 10 hits in five innings for the Twins , who have lost five of six . The White Sox took a 4 - 2 lead in the third	True
The White Sox tied it in the bottom half on Sano 's three - run homer , but the White Sox tied it in the bottom half on an RBI double by Jason Castro and a run - scoring double by Eddie Rosario . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on Abreu 's RBI double and Yolmer Sanchez 's two - run triple . The White Sox tied it in the third	True
The White Sox tied it in the third on Abreu 's RBI double and Jason Castro 's RBI single . The White Sox took a 7 - 4 lead in the fifth	True
Judge hit his first home run of the season , Gary Sanchez hit a go - ahead solo shot and the Angels beat the New York Yankees 8 - 3 on Tuesday night . Cameron Maybin homered and drove in two runs , and Luis Valbuena added a solo shot in the ninth	True
Blake Bridwell allowed two runs and two hits in five - plus innings for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Blake Parker ( 3 - 2 ) gave up a solo homer to Cameron Maybin in the sixth	True
Blake Bridwell allowed two runs and two hits in five - plus innings for the Angels , who have lost four of five . Blake Parker ( 3 - 2 ) gave up a solo homer to Cameron Maybin in the sixth and a run - scoring single to Albert Pujols in the seventh	True
Blake Parker ( 3 - 2 ) gave up a solo homer to Cameron Maybin in the sixth and a run - scoring single to Albert Pujols in the seventh . Clippard ( 1 - 4 ) gave up three runs and three hits in one - third	True
LOS ANGELES -- Corey Seager 's three - run homer capped a four - run burst in the fifth inning , and the Los Angeles Dodgers routed the New York Mets 12 - 0 on Tuesday night . Seager had a career - high six RBI , including a two - run homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the fifth	True
The Mets have won four of five and are a season - high 16 games over .500 . Cody Bellinger hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Yasmani Grandal added a solo shot in the fifth	True
He walked three and struck out two . Seager hit a two - run homer in the first inning and a three - run shot in the fifth	True
Cody Bellinger hit a two - run homer and drove in three runs , Hyun-Jin Ryu pitched five solid innings and the Dodgers beat the Cincinnati Reds 10 - 2 on Tuesday night . Bellinger had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning , and added a two - run shot in the third	True
Bellinger had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning , and added a two - run shot in the third . He added a two - run homer in the third	True
Bellinger had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning , and added a two - run shot in the third . He added a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the third	True
Bellinger had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning that put the Dodgers ahead 5 - 1 . Bellinger had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third	True
Bellinger had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning that put the Dodgers ahead 5 - 1 . Bellinger had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third , and a two - run shot in the third	True
Bellinger had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third , and a two - run shot in the third . He added an RBI double in the first	True
Bellinger had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third , and a two - run shot in the third . He added an RBI double in the first and a two - run homer in the third	False
He added an RBI double in the first and a two - run homer in the third . Puig added a sacrifice fly in the ninth	False
He struck out five and walked one . The Reds scored two runs in the first inning off Asher , who gave up a two - run homer to Bellinger in the third	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Reds scored two runs in the first inning off Asher , who gave up a two - run homer to Bellinger in the third and a two - run shot to Joc Pederson in the third	True
The Reds scored two runs in the first inning off Asher , who gave up a two - run homer to Bellinger in the third and a two - run shot to Joc Pederson in the third . Bellinger had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third	True
Thames hit a two - run homer with two outs in the ninth inning , lifting the Milwaukee Brewers to a 6 - 4 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals on Tuesday night . Thames hit a two - run homer off Seung Hwan Oh ( 1 - 3 ) in the ninth	True
It was Thames ' second homer of the season . Carlos Torres ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Carlos Torres ( 3 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Oliver Drake pitched a perfect ninth	True
John Brebbia pitched two scoreless innings in relief of Michael Wacha , who allowed four runs and seven hits in four innings . The Cardinals took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
DENVER -- Raimel Tapia had a two - run single in the ninth inning , and the Colorado Rockies rallied to beat the San Francisco Giants 10 - 9 on Tuesday night . Raimel Tapia drove in the go - ahead run with a two - out single off Hunter Strickland ( 1 - 2 ) , and Brandon Crawford hit a three - run homer in the eighth	True
Raimel Tapia drove in the go - ahead run with a two - out single off Hunter Strickland ( 1 - 2 ) , and Brandon Crawford hit a three - run homer in the eighth to give the Rockies a wild 10 - 9 victory over the San Francisco Giants on Tuesday night . Nolan Arenado had three hits and drove in four runs , and Buster Posey had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Nolan Arenado had three hits and drove in four runs , and Buster Posey had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh that gave the Rockies a 9 - 8 lead . The Rockies trailed 9 - 1 in the seventh	True
Nolan Arenado had three hits and drove in four runs , and Buster Posey had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh that gave the Rockies a 9 - 8 lead . The Rockies trailed 9 - 1 in the seventh before rallying to tie the game in the bottom of the ninth	False
Pinch-hitter Ty Blach had an RBI single and pinch - hitter Gorkys Hernandez drove in a run with a sacrifice fly . Greg Holland ( 1 - 0 ) picked up the win with a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth	True
Greg Holland ( 1 - 0 ) picked up the win with a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth to earn his first major league win . Greg Holland ( 1 - 0 ) picked up the win with a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth	False
Greg Holland ( 1 - 0 ) picked up the win with a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . The Giants took a 9 - 1 lead into the eighth	True
The Giants took a 9 - 1 lead into the eighth , but the Giants pulled within 9 - 8 in the bottom half on Raimel Tapia 's RBI single . The Giants scored three runs in the first	True
The Giants scored three runs in the first , including a two - run double by Ian Desmond , and a two - run double by DJ LeMahieu , who had four hits and drove in two runs . Posey had three hits , including a two - run homer in the seventh	True
It was the second time this season the Rockies have hit back - to - back home runs . Crawford had three hits , including a three - run homer in the eighth	True
Jake Petricka ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of one - hit ball to earn his first major league win . Anthony Swarzak gave up a run in the seventh	True
Jake Petricka ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of one - hit ball to earn his first major league win . Anthony Swarzak gave up a run in the seventh , Brad Brach pitched the eighth	True
Jake Petricka ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of one - hit ball to earn his first major league win . Anthony Swarzak gave up a run in the seventh , Brad Brach pitched the eighth and Gregory Castro gave up a two - run homer to Trey Mancini in the eighth	True
The White Sox scored six runs in the fourth inning to take a 9 - 2 lead . Garcia hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
The White Sox scored six runs in the fourth inning to take a 9 - 2 lead . Garcia hit a two - run homer in the eighth to make it 10 - 2 , and Matt Davidson added a solo shot in the seventh	True
The White Sox scored six runs in the fourth inning to take a 6 - 0 lead . Garcia hit a two - run homer in the inning and Seth Smith doubled in a run in the fourth	True
Didi Gregorius had four hits and drove in two runs , Aaron Judge homered and the New York Yankees beat the Los Angeles Angels 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Kole Calhoun hit a solo home run in the first inning and Aaron Judge added a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Dellin Betances recorded the final four outs for his sixth save . Jose Alvarez ( 0 - 3 ) took the loss , giving up a run in the seventh	True
He walked five and struck out five . The Yankees took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
The Yankees took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Gregorius ' RBI single . The Yankees tied it in the third	True
The Yankees took a 2 - 1 lead in the third on Gregorius ' RBI single . The Yankees tied it in the third when Starlin Castro singled , stole second	False
The Yankees tied it in the third when Starlin Castro singled , stole second and scored on Gregorius ' infield single . The Yankees tied it in the fifth	True
The Yankees tied it in the third when Starlin Castro singled , stole second and scored on Gregorius ' infield single . The Yankees tied it in the fifth when Matt Holliday walked , stole second	False
The Yankees tied it in the third when Starlin Castro singled , stole second and scored on Gregorius ' infield single . The Yankees tied it in the fifth when Matt Holliday walked , stole second , took third	False
The Yankees tied it in the fifth when Matt Holliday walked , stole second , took third on a wild pitch and scored on Chase Headley 's single . The Yankees tied it in the seventh	True
The Yankees tied it in the seventh on a run - scoring single by Danny Espinosa and a run - scoring single by Chase Headley . The Angels tied it in the seventh	False
The Angels tied it in the seventh on a two - out RBI single by Aaron Hicks . Judge hit a two - run homer off Bud Norris in the eighth	True
Carl Edwards Jr. ( 2 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings of scoreless relief for the win . Wade Davis allowed a run in the ninth	True
Wade Davis allowed a run in the ninth before finishing for his 13th save in 14 chances . The Cubs scored four runs in the fifth	True
The Cubs scored four runs in the fifth to take a 4 - 0 lead . Zobrist hit a three - run homer off Jordan Lyles ( 0 - 2 ) , and Addison Russell hit a solo shot in the sixth	True
He walked three and struck out three . The Rockies took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on Ian Desmond 's two - run single and Mark Reynolds ' RBI single . The Rockies took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Rockies took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on Ian Desmond 's two - run single and Mark Reynolds ' RBI single . The Rockies took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on Anthony Rizzo 's RBI double and Zobrist 's three - run homer , his second	False
The Rockies took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on Anthony Rizzo 's RBI double and Zobrist 's three - run homer , his second of the season . The Rockies took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Rockies took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Kyle Schwarber and a solo shot by Addison Russell . The Rockies took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	False
He struck out two and walked one . Bibens-Dirkx ( 0 - 1 ) gave up a leadoff home run to Shin-Soo Choo in the first inning and a solo shot to Brian Goodwin in the third	True
The right - hander allowed three hits in seven innings , struck out two and walked one . Jose Leclerc struck out the side in the eighth	True
The right - hander allowed three hits in seven innings , struck out two and walked one . Jose Leclerc struck out the side in the eighth , and Oliver Perez walked the bases loaded in the eighth	True
Jose Leclerc struck out the side in the eighth , and Oliver Perez walked the bases loaded in the eighth . Jose Leclerc struck out the side in the eighth	False
Jose Leclerc struck out the side in the eighth , and Oliver Perez walked the bases loaded in the eighth . Jose Leclerc struck out the side in the eighth and Elvis Andrus had a two - run triple in the eighth	False
He struck out 10 , walked one and hit a batter . Scherzer struck out the side in the first inning , then retired the side in order in the fourth	True
He struck out eight and walked two . Ken Giles struck out the side in the ninth	True
He walked five and struck out two . Roberto Osuna pitched the ninth	True
Roberto Osuna pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . Justin Smoak hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
Roberto Osuna pitched the ninth for his 15th save in 16 chances . Justin Smoak hit a solo homer in the ninth off Steve Cishek , his 14th	False
Justin Smoak hit a solo homer in the ninth off Steve Cishek , his 14th of the season . Ezequiel Carrera tied it in the eighth	True
Ezequiel Carrera tied it in the eighth with a solo homer off Tony Zych ( 2 - 2 ) , who was making his major league debut . The Blue Jays tied it at 2 in the seventh	True
Ezequiel Carrera tied it in the eighth with a solo homer off Tony Zych ( 2 - 2 ) , who was making his major league debut . The Blue Jays tied it at 2 in the seventh on a two - run homer by Kendrys Morales , his 14th	False
The Blue Jays tied it at 2 in the seventh on a two - run homer by Kendrys Morales , his 14th of the season . The Blue Jays tied it at 2 in the seventh	False
The Blue Jays tied it at 2 in the seventh on a two - out RBI single by Russell Martin . The Blue Jays tied it in the seventh	False
The Blue Jays tied it in the seventh . Nelson Cruz reached on an infield single , stole second	False
The Blue Jays tied it in the seventh . Nelson Cruz reached on an infield single , stole second and advanced to third	False
Seager followed with an RBI single to give the Blue Jays a 2 - 1 lead . The Blue Jays tied it in the seventh	True
Jedd Gyorko drove in three runs and Kolten Wong had two hits and scored twice for the Cardinals . Matt Carpenter had a two - run double off Nick Pivetta ( 1 - 3 ) in the fourth	True
Jedd Gyorko drove in three runs and Kolten Wong had two hits and scored twice for the Cardinals . Matt Carpenter had a two - run double off Nick Pivetta ( 1 - 3 ) in the fourth , and Jedd Gyorko drove in three runs with a sacrifice fly in the seventh	True
Matt Carpenter had a two - run double off Nick Pivetta ( 1 - 3 ) in the fourth , and Jedd Gyorko drove in three runs with a sacrifice fly in the seventh . Gyorko had a two - run double in the fourth	True
Matt Carpenter had a two - run double off Nick Pivetta ( 1 - 3 ) in the fourth , and Jedd Gyorko drove in three runs with a sacrifice fly in the seventh . Gyorko had a two - run double in the fourth and a sacrifice fly in the seventh	False
Gyorko had a two - run double in the fourth and a sacrifice fly in the seventh . Matt Carpenter had a two - run double in the seventh	False
He struck out two and walked four . The Phillies scored three runs in the fourth	True
Gyorko 's two - run double and Carpenter 's two - run double made it 4 - 0 . Eric Fryer had an RBI single in the fourth	True
Jose Altuve hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the ninth inning and the Astros beat the Kansas City Royals 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jose Altuve hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Jose Altuve hit a go - ahead , two - run homer in the ninth inning and the Astros beat the Kansas City Royals 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Jose Altuve hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Kelvin Herrera ( 1 - 2 ) , and Jake Marisnick added a two - run single in the ninth	True
Jose Altuve hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Kelvin Herrera ( 1 - 2 ) , and Jake Marisnick added a two - run single in the ninth . Will Harris ( 2 - 1 ) pitched one inning for the win and Peter Moylan gave up a run in the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked two . The Royals scored in the seventh	True
He struck out eight and walked two . The Royals scored in the seventh when Josh Reddick led off with a single , stole second	False
The Royals scored in the seventh when Josh Reddick led off with a single , stole second and scored on Mike Moustakas ' single . Altuve hit a two - run homer in the ninth	False
Altuve hit a two - run homer in the ninth off Chris Devenski to give the Astros a 3 - 1 lead . Altuve hit a two - run homer in the ninth	False
It was the first home run allowed by McCullers in five starts this season . Altuve hit a two - run shot off Chris Devenski in the ninth	True
It was the first home run allowed by McCullers in five starts this season . Altuve hit a two - run shot off Chris Devenski in the ninth , and Jake Marisnick added a two - run single in the ninth	True
Altuve hit a two - run shot off Chris Devenski in the ninth , and Jake Marisnick added a two - run single in the ninth . Altuve hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore trailed 5 - 3 in the ninth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Tony Watson this season . Davis homered off Tony Watson with one out in the ninth	True
Jay Bruce and Wilmer Flores hit back - to - back home runs in the third inning , and the New York Mets held on for a 4 - 2 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Neil Walker hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Josh Bell added a solo shot in the third	True
Neil Walker hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Josh Bell added a solo shot in the third for the Mets , who have won five of six . Jay Bruce hit a solo homer in the second inning , and Wilmer Flores added a solo shot in the fourth	True
He walked three and struck out five . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Michael Conforto and a run - scoring groundout by Gregory Polanco . Walker hit a two - run homer in the first	True
The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring groundout by Michael Conforto and a run - scoring groundout by Gregory Polanco . Walker hit a two - run homer in the first and Flores added a solo shot in the third	False
Walker hit a two - run homer in the first and Flores added a solo shot in the third to give the Mets a 3 - 2 lead . Flores led off the fourth	True
Flores led off the fourth with a drive into the second deck in right field . It was his second	False
Flores led off the fourth with a drive into the second deck in right field . It was his second of the season and second	False
Beltran hit a solo homer and drove in three runs , Elvis Andrus had three hits and three RBI and the Astros beat the Texas Rangers 6 - 5 on Tuesday night . Beltran hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the third	True
Beltran hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the third . He also had a two - run single in the third	True
Beltran hit a solo homer in the second inning and a two - run single in the third . He also had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third	True
He also had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Andrus had three hits , including a two - run double in the fifth	True
Andrus had three hits , including a two - run double in the fifth that gave the Astros a 4 - 1 lead . Andrus had three hits , including a two - run double in the fifth	False
Andrus had three hits , including a two - run double in the fifth that put Houston ahead 5 - 1 . Carlos Correa had an RBI single in the third	True
Andrus had three hits , including a two - run double in the fifth that put Houston ahead 5 - 1 . Carlos Correa had an RBI single in the third , and Elvis Andrus had a two - run double in the fifth	False
Carlos Correa had an RBI single in the third , and Elvis Andrus had a two - run double in the fifth to make it 5 - 4 . Altuve had three hits , including a solo homer in the ninth	True
Altuve had three hits , including a solo homer in the ninth . He had three hits , including a solo homer in the ninth	False
Chris Devenski ( 4 - 3 ) struck out three in 1 2/3 innings for the win . Ken Giles allowed a run in the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked two . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The right - hander has won his last three starts and has a 2.66 ERA over that span . Sean Doolittle pitched the ninth	True
Jose Urena ( 9 - 5 ) allowed one run and three hits in eight innings for the Marlins , who have lost three of four . Bryce Harper hit an RBI single in the sixth	True
Gonzalez ( 9 - 5 ) struck out five and walked three in his longest outing of the season . Jarlin Garcia pitched a perfect eighth	True
Gonzalez ( 9 - 5 ) struck out five and walked three in his longest outing of the season . Jarlin Garcia pitched a perfect eighth and Sean Doolittle worked the ninth	True
Osuna ( 3 - 2 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and three hits in two - thirds of an inning . Chris Beck ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Chris Beck ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . The White Sox trailed 6 - 0 before scoring three runs in the sixth	True
The White Sox trailed 6 - 0 before scoring three runs in the sixth . Russell Martin led off with a home run , and Justin Smoak hit a solo shot in the fourth	True
Russell Martin led off with a home run , and Justin Smoak hit a solo shot in the fourth for a 3 - 0 lead . The Blue Jays scored three runs in the seventh	True
It was the second time this season the White Sox have hit back - to - back home runs . The Blue Jays scored three runs in the eighth	True
The Blue Jays scored three runs in the eighth off Ryan Tepera . Sanchez hit a two - run homer off Joe Biagini in the eighth	True
Sanchez hit a two - run homer off Joe Biagini in the eighth to cut it to 6 - 4 . Sanchez hit a two - run homer off Ryan Tepera in the eighth	True
Sanchez hit a two - run homer off Ryan Tepera in the eighth to cut the lead to 5 - 4 . Sanchez hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
TORONTO -- Albert Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first inning , and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Los Angeles Angels 11 - 10 on Tuesday night . Albert Pujols hit two home runs , including a two - run shot in the first inning , and added a solo shot in the sixth	True
Albert Pujols hit two home runs , including a two - run shot in the first inning , and added a solo shot in the sixth for the Angels , who won for the seventh time in eight games . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added an RBI single in the third	True
Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added an RBI single in the third . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added an RBI single in the third . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the sixth	True
Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the sixth , his first multihomer game of the season and the first multihomer game of his career . Pujols hit a two - run shot off Cesar Valdez in the first	True
Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the sixth , his first multihomer game of the season and the first multihomer game of his career . Pujols hit a two - run shot off Cesar Valdez in the first and added an RBI single in the third	True
Pujols hit a two - run shot off Cesar Valdez in the first and added an RBI single in the third . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Pujols hit a two - run shot off Cesar Valdez in the first and added an RBI single in the third . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot off Mike Bolsinger in the sixth	False
Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot off Mike Bolsinger in the sixth , his first multihomer game of the season . He also hit a two - run drive in the first inning , a solo shot in the sixth	True
Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot off Mike Bolsinger in the sixth , his first multihomer game of the season . He also hit a two - run drive in the first inning , a solo shot in the sixth and a solo shot in the sixth	True
He also hit a two - run drive in the first inning , a solo shot in the sixth and a solo shot in the sixth . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He also hit a two - run drive in the first inning , a solo shot in the sixth and a solo shot in the sixth . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the sixth	False
Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the sixth , his first multihomer game of the season . He also hit a two - run drive in the first inning , a solo shot off Cesar Valdez in the sixth	True
Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the sixth , his first multihomer game of the season . He also hit a two - run drive in the first inning , a solo shot off Cesar Valdez in the sixth , and a solo shot in the sixth	True
He also hit a two - run drive in the first inning , a solo shot off Cesar Valdez in the sixth , and a solo shot in the sixth . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He also hit a two - run drive in the first inning , a solo shot off Cesar Valdez in the sixth , and a solo shot in the sixth . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the sixth	False
Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the sixth , his first multihomer game of the season . He also hit a two - run drive in the first inning , a solo shot off Mike Bolsinger in the sixth	True
He also hit a two - run drive in the first inning , a solo shot off Mike Bolsinger in the sixth . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He also hit a two - run drive in the first inning , a solo shot off Mike Bolsinger in the sixth . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the sixth	True
Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the sixth , his first multihomer game of the season . He also hit a two - run drive in the first inning , a solo shot off Mike Bolsinger in the sixth	True
He also hit a two - run drive in the first inning , a solo shot off Mike Bolsinger in the sixth . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He also hit a two - run drive in the first inning , a solo shot off Mike Bolsinger in the sixth . Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the sixth	True
Pujols hit a two - run homer in the first and a solo shot in the sixth , his first multihomer game of the season . Matt Pearce hit a two - run homer in the ninth	False
Matt Dermody ( 1 - 0 ) pitched three scoreless innings for his first major league win . Bud Norris ( 1 - 4 ) took the loss , allowing four runs and three hits in one - third	True
He struck out five and walked two . McCutchen hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
McCutchen hit a solo homer in the ninth off Jose Torres . McCutchen homered off Jose Torres with two outs in the ninth	True
It was his second career three - homer game . McCutchen hit a solo shot off Jose Torres in the ninth	True
It was his second career three - homer game . McCutchen hit a solo shot off Jose Torres in the ninth	True
It was his second career three - homer game . McCutchen hit a solo shot off Jose Torres in the ninth	True
It was his second career three - homer game . McCutchen hit a solo shot off Jose Torres in the ninth	True
It was his second career three - homer game . McCutchen hit a solo shot off Jose Torres in the ninth	True
It was his second career three - homer game . McCutchen hit a solo shot off Jose Torres in the ninth	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Welington Castillo had a career - high four RBI , and the Baltimore Orioles beat the Texas Rangers 10 - 6 on Tuesday night . Castillo hit a three - run homer off Martin Perez ( 5 - 9 ) in the fifth inning and added a three - run shot in the fifth	True
Zach Britton got the last two outs for his eighth save in nine chances . Baltimore 's Rougned Odor hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Zach Britton got the last two outs for his eighth save in nine chances . Baltimore 's Rougned Odor hit a two - run homer in the eighth and had a two - run shot in the eighth	False
Baltimore 's Rougned Odor hit a two - run homer in the eighth and had a two - run shot in the eighth . He also had a two - run shot in the eighth	True
He also had a two - run shot in the eighth . The Orioles had 14 hits , including three in the fourth	True
He struck out three , walked two and hit a batter with a pitch . The Orioles scored four runs in the fourth	True
Schwarber 's two - run shot in the fourth gave the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Schwarber , who hit a two - run shot off Mike Pelfrey ( 3 - 8 ) in the fourth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Schwarber , who hit a two - run shot off Mike Pelfrey ( 3 - 8 ) in the fourth to give the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Schwarber , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Schwarber , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Schwarber , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth	False
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Schwarber , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Schwarber , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth	False
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Schwarber , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Schwarber , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth	False
Schwarber 's two - run shot in the fourth gave the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Schwarber , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Schwarber 's two - run shot in the fourth gave the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Schwarber , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Schwarber 's two - run shot in the fourth gave the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Schwarber , who hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
He struck out three and walked one . Seattle 's Andrew Benintendi extended his hitting streak to a career - high 13 games with a single in the first	True
He struck out three and walked one . Seattle 's Andrew Benintendi extended his hitting streak to a career - high 13 games with a single in the first	True
Seattle 's Andrew Benintendi extended his hitting streak to a career - high 13 games with a single in the first . He was replaced by pinch - runner Kyle Seager , who had singled in his first	False
Boston 's Hanley Ramirez was hit by a pitch leading off the second inning . He was hit by a pitch , stole second	False
He walked one and did n't strike out a batter for the first time in five starts this season . Clint Frazier hit a two - out RBI single in the third	True
Clint Frazier hit a two - out RBI single in the third , and Clint Frazier followed with a run - scoring single to make it 2 - 0 . Chase Headley added an RBI single in the sixth	True
Clint Frazier hit a two - out RBI single in the third , and Clint Frazier followed with a run - scoring single to make it 2 - 0 . Chase Headley added an RBI single in the sixth and Ronald Torreyes hit a run - scoring grounder in the seventh	True
Chase Headley added an RBI single in the sixth and Ronald Torreyes hit a run - scoring grounder in the seventh for a 6 - 2 lead . Duvall hit a three - run homer off Luis Cessa in the eighth	False
Duvall hit a three - run homer off Luis Cessa in the eighth to make it 9 - 5 . Duvall hit a three - run shot off Luis Cessa in the eighth	True
Duvall hit a three - run shot off Luis Cessa in the eighth to make it 9 - 5 . It was Duvall 's 14th homer of the season and second	False
He struck out six and walked one . Aroldis Chapman pitched a perfect ninth	True
DETROIT -- Mike Moustakas and Salvador Perez hit back - to - back home runs in the 12th inning , and the Kansas City Royals beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Mike Moustakas hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
DETROIT -- Mike Moustakas and Salvador Perez hit back - to - back home runs in the 12th inning , and the Kansas City Royals beat the Detroit Tigers 5 - 3 on Tuesday night . Mike Moustakas hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the fourth , and Salvador Perez led off the 12th	True
Mike Moustakas hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the fourth , and Salvador Perez led off the 12th with a homer off Drew VerHagen ( 0 - 1 ) . Moustakas hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
Mike Moustakas hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly in the fourth , and Salvador Perez led off the 12th with a homer off Drew VerHagen ( 0 - 1 ) . Moustakas hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth , and Salvador Perez led off the 12th	False
It was the first home run allowed by VerHagen this season . Moustakas hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth	True
Moustakas hit a sacrifice fly in the fourth to give the Royals a 2 - 0 lead . Jorge Bonifacio led off the sixth	True
Jakob Junis ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the win . Kelvin Herrera pitched the 12th	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Tigers took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Alex Avila followed with a two - run single to make it 2 - 0 . The Royals tied it in the sixth	True
He struck out four , walked two and threw two wild pitches . Joe Blanton ( 1 - 2 ) got two outs in the seventh	True
Joe Blanton ( 1 - 2 ) got two outs in the seventh for the win . Sean Goodwin led off the game with a home run , and Wilmer Difo hit a solo shot in the seventh	True
The Diamondbacks took a 4 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Anthony Rendon and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Ryan Zimmerman . Goodwin 's home run was his fourth	False
The Diamondbacks took a 4 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Anthony Rendon and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Ryan Zimmerman . Goodwin 's home run was his fourth of the season and second	False
Goodwin 's home run was his fourth of the season and second in two games . The Diamondbacks added a run in the third	True
Jonathan Schoop and Yuli Gurriel hit two - run homers , Alex Bregman and Marwin Gonzalez also went deep and the Astros beat the Baltimore Orioles 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . The Astros trailed 4 - 1 in the sixth	True
Alex Bregman homered for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the fifth	True
He struck out six and walked one . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Matt Kemp 's two - out RBI single . The Dodgers tied it 2 - all in the fifth	True
The Dodgers tied it 2 - all in the fifth on Freddie Freeman 's run - scoring groundout and Yasiel Puig 's two - out single . The Dodgers tied the game 2 - all in the sixth	True
The Dodgers tied it 2 - all in the fifth on Freddie Freeman 's run - scoring groundout and Yasiel Puig 's two - out single . The Dodgers tied the game 2 - all in the sixth on a two - run homer by Taylor Taylor , his second	False
The Dodgers tied the game 2 - all in the sixth on a two - run homer by Taylor Taylor , his second of the season . The Dodgers tied it 2 - all in the fifth	False
The Dodgers tied it 2 - all in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Matt Kemp . The Dodgers tied the game 2 - all in the fifth	False
The Dodgers tied the game 2 - all in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Matt Kemp , who was thrown out trying to stretch his hit into a double . The Dodgers tied the game 2 - all in the sixth	False
The Dodgers tied the game 2 - all in the sixth on a run - scoring single by Yasiel Puig and a run - scoring groundout by Freddie Freeman . The Braves tied the game 2 - all in the sixth	False
He walked two and struck out three . Ramos pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Marlins have won five of their last six games . Christian Yelich had a run - scoring groundout in the third	True
The Marlins have won five of their last six games . Christian Yelich had a run - scoring groundout in the third , and Billy Hamilton drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the third	True
Christian Yelich had a run - scoring groundout in the third , and Billy Hamilton drove in a run with a sacrifice fly in the third . The Marlins had a chance to add to their lead in the seventh	True
The Marlins had a chance to add to their lead in the seventh . Scott Schebler drew a leadoff walk , stole second	False
The Marlins had a chance to add to their lead in the seventh . Scott Schebler drew a leadoff walk , stole second and went to third	False
Scott Schebler drew a leadoff walk , stole second and went to third on catcher Tucker Barnhart 's throwing error , but Urena struck out Derek Dietrich and Joey Votto to end the threat . The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Reds took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Marcell Ozuna 's bases - loaded infield single . The Marlins got a run back in the third	True
The Marlins got a run back in the third on Billy Hamilton 's sacrifice fly . Giancarlo Stanton led off the third	True
Giancarlo Stanton led off the third with a double and scored on Dee Gordon 's single to center . The Marlins took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Willson Contreras hit a two - run homer and Dexter Fowler had three hits and drove in a run for the Cardinals , who have won four of five . Matt Bowman ( 2 - 3 ) got the final out in the seventh	True
Matt Bowman ( 2 - 3 ) got the final out in the seventh for the win . Carl Edwards Jr. ( 3 - 2 ) walked Jedd Gyorko with the bases loaded to force in a run in the eighth	True
He walked three and struck out two . Zach Duke got two outs in the eighth	True
The Phillies have lost four of five . Galvis hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Tommy Joseph added a two - run double in the sixth	True
Galvis hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Tommy Joseph added a two - run double in the sixth to give the Brewers a 4 - 1 lead . Galvis hit a sacrifice fly in the sixth	True
The Phillies have lost four of five . Nola gave up four runs and four hits in one - third	True
Conforto hit a pair of two - run homers , Marcus Semien had a career - high four hits and the New York Mets beat the Oakland Athletics 7 - 5 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . Conforto hit a two - run shot in the third inning and added a two - run shot in the seventh	True
He struck out one and walked one . Conforto hit a two - run homer in the third	True
He struck out one and walked one . Conforto hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the seventh	True
Conforto hit a two - run homer in the third and a two - run shot in the seventh that gave the Mets a 7 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Conforto , who hit a two - run drive in the third inning and a two - run homer in the seventh	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Conforto , who hit a two - run drive in the third inning and a two - run homer in the seventh that gave the Mets a 7 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Conforto , who hit a two - run drive in the third inning and a two - run homer in the seventh	False
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Conforto , who hit a two - run drive in the third inning and a two - run homer in the seventh that gave the Mets a 7 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Conforto , who hit a two - run drive in the third inning and a two - run homer in the seventh	False
He walked five and struck out two . Pedroia had a two - run single in the second	True
He walked five and struck out two . Pedroia had a two - run single in the second , and Deven Marrero hit a two - run single in the second	True
Pedroia had a two - run single in the second , and Deven Marrero hit a two - run single in the second . Pedroia had a two - run single in the second	True
Pedroia had a two - run single in the second , and Deven Marrero hit a two - run single in the second . Pedroia had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second	False
Pedroia had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Jose Bautista and a run - scoring double by Jackie Bradley Jr. , who extended his hitting streak to a career - high 11 games . Pedroia had a two - run single in the second	True
The Red Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Jose Bautista and a run - scoring double by Jackie Bradley Jr. , who extended his hitting streak to a career - high 11 games . Pedroia had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second	True
Pedroia had a two - run single in the second and a two - run single in the second . The Red Sox scored four runs in the fifth	True
The Red Sox scored four runs in the fifth . Mookie Betts drew a leadoff walk , stole second	False
Mookie Betts drew a leadoff walk , stole second and scored on Marrero 's two - out single to center . Pedroia had an RBI single in the fourth	True
Mookie Betts drew a leadoff walk , stole second and scored on Marrero 's two - out single to center . Pedroia had an RBI single in the fourth and a run - scoring single in the fifth	False
The Twins have lost six of seven . Minnesota took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Minnesota took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out , two - run double by Norichika Aoki . The Twins tied it at 1 - 1 in the second	True
The Twins tied it at 1 - 1 in the second on an RBI single by Jake Marisnick . The Twins tied it at 1 - 1 in the second	False
The Twins tied it at 1 - 1 in the second when Marwin Gonzalez walked , stole second base and scored on a single by Norichika Aoki . The Twins tied it in the fourth	True
The Twins tied it at 1 - 1 in the second when Marwin Gonzalez walked , stole second base and scored on a single by Norichika Aoki . The Twins tied it in the fourth when Alex Bregman walked , stole second	False
The Twins tied it in the fourth when Alex Bregman walked , stole second and scored on a two - out single by Jake Marisnick . The Astros added a run in the seventh	True
He struck out nine and walked two . Jacob Barnes ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Jacob Barnes ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Corey Knebel pitched the ninth	True
The Phillies have lost four of five . Odubel Herrera hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
He struck out seven and walked two . Milwaukee tied it at 1 in the fifth	True
He walked four and struck out two . Martinez hit a three - run homer in the eighth	True
Martinez hit a three - run homer in the eighth off Aaron Loup to make it 11 - 1 . Martinez hit a three - run homer in the eighth	False
Martinez hit a three - run homer in the eighth off Aaron Loup to make it 11 - 1 . Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Cabrera hit a two - run homer in the sixth to make it 11 - 1 . It was Cabrera 's fourth homer of the season and second	False
It was Cabrera 's fourth homer of the season and second in two days . Martinez hit a three - run homer in the eighth	True
It was Cabrera 's fourth homer of the season and second in two days . Martinez hit a three - run homer in the eighth , and Cabrera added a two - run shot off Aaron Loup in the eighth	True
Martinez hit a three - run homer in the eighth , and Cabrera added a two - run shot off Aaron Loup in the eighth . Martinez hit a three - run homer off Aaron Loup in the eighth	False
It was the first grand slam of the season for Martinez , who hit a three - run homer in the ninth inning of Tuesday 's 3 - 2 win over the New York Yankees . Martinez hit a three - run homer in the eighth	True
Martinez hit a three - run homer in the eighth to make it 11 - 1 . It was Martinez 's first career grand slam , and Cabrera added a two - run shot off Aaron Loup in the eighth	True
It was Martinez 's first career grand slam , and Cabrera added a two - run shot off Aaron Loup in the eighth . Martinez hit a three - run homer off Aaron Loup in the eighth	True
Rex Brothers ( 1 - 0 ) got one out for the win . Jim Johnson pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Matt Kemp 's two - out RBI single . The Diamondbacks tied it at 1 in the sixth	True
The Diamondbacks tied it at 1 in the sixth . Brandon Phillips led off with a single , stole second	False
Brandon Phillips led off with a single , stole second and scored on Matt Kemp 's two - out single to center . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Daniel Descalso , who was 3 - for - 4 with a run - scoring single . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Goldschmidt 's 21st homer , a two - out shot to left field . Atlanta tied it at 1 in the sixth	True
Cameron Rupp homered for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Padres starter Phil Maton gave up two runs and two hits in the seventh	True
Cameron Rupp homered for the Padres , who have lost four of five . Padres starter Phil Maton gave up two runs and two hits in the seventh , including Aaron Altherr 's solo homer in the seventh	True
Padres starter Phil Maton gave up two runs and two hits in the seventh , including Aaron Altherr 's solo homer in the seventh . Phil Maton ( 1 - 1 ) pitched the ninth	True
DENVER -- Tim Anderson 's first home run of the season helped the Chicago White Sox end a four - game losing streak with a 5 - 4 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Tim McGee came on in the ninth inning and gave up a solo homer to Tim Anderson in the ninth	True
Tommy Kahnle ( 1 - 3 ) pitched a scoreless eighth inning for the win . David Robertson pitched the ninth	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a run - scoring single by Yolmer Sanchez and a run - scoring single by Kevan Smith . The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run homer by Arenado and a two - run shot by Arenado . Chicago took a 3 - 0 lead in the first	False
Chicago took a 3 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Kevan Smith and a sacrifice fly by Kevan Smith . The Rockies tied it in the fourth	True
The Rockies tied it in the fourth on Gerardo Parra 's sacrifice fly and Arenado 's two - run homer . Colorado tied it in the fourth	False
The Rockies tied it in the fourth on Gerardo Parra 's sacrifice fly and Arenado 's two - run homer . Colorado tied it in the fourth when Charlie Blackmon singled , stole second	False
He struck out eight and walked one . Scooter Gennett hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
He struck out four and walked three . Jorge De La Rosa gave up Tucker Barnhart 's solo homer in the ninth	True
Votto 's sacrifice fly in the ninth made it 7 - 0 . Hamilton stole second	False
Hamilton stole second and scored on Hamilton 's single to make it 7 - 0 . Jorge De La Rosa gave up two runs and two hits in the ninth	True
Jorge De La Rosa gave up two runs and two hits in the ninth . He struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out the side in the ninth . Votto hit a sacrifice fly in the ninth	True
Donaldson hit a three - run homer , Troy Tulowitzki added a three - run shot and the Blue Jays beat the Houston Astros 7 - 2 on Tuesday night . Donaldson hit a three - run shot off Mike Fiers ( 5 - 4 ) in the fifth inning and added a three - run shot off Chris Devenski in the seventh	True
Donaldson hit a three - run shot off Mike Fiers ( 5 - 4 ) in the fifth inning and added a three - run shot off Chris Devenski in the seventh . Donaldson hit a three - run homer off Chris Devenski in the seventh	True
Donaldson hit a three - run shot off Mike Fiers ( 5 - 4 ) in the fifth inning and added a three - run shot off Chris Devenski in the seventh . Donaldson hit a three - run homer off Chris Devenski in the seventh , and Marwin Gonzalez added a solo shot in the ninth	False
He walked four and struck out six . Donaldson hit a three - run homer off Mike Biagini in the fifth	True
He walked four and struck out six . Donaldson hit a three - run homer off Mike Biagini in the fifth , and Tulowitzki added a three - run shot off Chris Devenski in the seventh	True
It was the first time this season the Blue Jays have hit back - to - back homers . Justin Smoak added an RBI double in the seventh	True
It was the first time this season the Blue Jays have hit back - to - back homers . Justin Smoak added an RBI double in the seventh , and Donaldson hit a three - run homer off Joe Biagini in the seventh	True
Justin Smoak added an RBI double in the seventh , and Donaldson hit a three - run homer off Joe Biagini in the seventh . Donaldson hit a three - run shot off Chris Devenski in the fifth	False
Justin Smoak added an RBI double in the seventh , and Donaldson hit a three - run homer off Joe Biagini in the seventh . Donaldson hit a three - run shot off Chris Devenski in the fifth , his 19th , and Tulowitzki added a three - run shot off Joe Biagini in the seventh	False
It was the fourth time this season the Blue Jays have hit back - to - back homers . Donaldson hit a three - run shot off Stroman in the fifth	True
Francisco Liriano ( 5 - 4 ) allowed three runs and nine hits in six innings to win for the first time in four starts . Roberto Osuna pitched the ninth	True
He walked two and struck out three . Marwin Gonzalez hit a solo homer in the second	True
He walked two and struck out three . Marwin Gonzalez hit a solo homer in the second , his third	False
Marwin Gonzalez hit a solo homer in the second , his third of the season , and Alex Bregman had three hits for the Astros , who have lost four of five . Houston took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Juan Benoit ( 1 - 3 ) gave up three runs and four hits in two - thirds of an inning . Juan Nicasio pitched a perfect ninth	True
Bell had three hits and scored two runs for the Phillies , who have lost four of five . Bell had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Bell had three hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth that put Pittsburgh ahead 3 - 1 . Bell hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Bell hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Pirates a 3 - 1 lead . Bell hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
It was the first extra - base hit of the game for Bell , who hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning Friday night to give the Pirates a 6 - 4 win . The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a wild pitch by Jeremy Hellickson , who allowed three runs and five hits in six innings . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	False
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Brandon Kintzler pitched the ninth	True
Dylan Bundy ( 8 - 8 ) gave up six runs and five hits in five innings for the Orioles , who have lost five of six . Dylan Bundy gave up a two - run homer to Mark Trumbo in the second inning and a two - run single by Miguel Sano in the third	True
Dylan Bundy gave up a two - run homer to Mark Trumbo in the second inning and a two - run single by Miguel Sano in the third . The Twins scored three times in the third	True
Max Kepler 's two - run single in the bottom half made it 6 - 2 and chased Bundy , who allowed four runs and seven hits in six innings . The Twins took a 6 - 2 lead in the third	True
The Twins took a 6 - 2 lead in the third on a sacrifice fly by Hyun_Soo Kim and a run - scoring groundout by Jorge Polanco . The Orioles took a 6 - 2 lead in the third	False
The Orioles took a 6 - 2 lead in the third on an RBI single by Paul Janish and a run - scoring groundout by Jorge Polanco . Baltimore took a 6 - 2 lead in the third	False
He struck out eight and walked none . Nelson ( 7 - 4 ) gave up a two - run homer to Stephen Vogt in the second inning and a solo shot to Jonathan Schoop in the seventh	True
He struck out seven and walked three . Thames homered off Tyler Wilson in the seventh	True
Thames homered off Tyler Wilson in the seventh to make it 6 - 1 . Thames added a solo shot in the ninth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Carlos Torres this season , and the second time this season the Brewers have hit back - to - back home runs . Travis Shaw hit a solo home run in the fifth	True
Travis Shaw hit a solo home run in the fifth for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Thames hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Travis Shaw hit a solo home run in the fifth for the Orioles , who have lost four of five . Thames hit a solo homer in the fifth and Thames added a solo shot in the seventh	False
The Padres have lost five of six and are 1 - 4 since the All-Star break . Cory Spangenberg hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth	True
Cory Spangenberg hit a two - out RBI single in the fifth for the Indians , who have lost five of six . Brandon Maurer pitched a perfect ninth	True
The Indians have lost six of seven . Cleveland 's Carlos Santana extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first	True
Carlos Santana had two hits and scored a run for the Indians , who have lost four of five . Jose Buchter ( 5 - 2 ) got the final two outs in the eighth	True
He walked two and struck out three . Cano hit a three - run homer off Keynan Middleton in the eighth	True
Cano hit a three - run homer off Keynan Middleton in the eighth to give the Mariners a 5 - 1 lead . Cano hit a three - run homer off Nick Vincent in the eighth	True
Cano hit a three - run homer off Nick Vincent in the eighth to give the Mariners a 5 - 1 lead . Yunel Escobar had a run - scoring single in the eighth	False
Cano hit a three - run homer off Nick Vincent in the eighth to give the Mariners a 5 - 1 lead . Yunel Escobar had a run - scoring single in the eighth and Nick Franklin added an RBI single in the eighth	False
Yunel Escobar had a run - scoring single in the eighth and Nick Franklin added an RBI single in the eighth . Cano hit a three - run homer off Keynan Middleton in the eighth	False
It was the first home run allowed by the Angels this season . Cano hit a three - run shot off Keynan Middleton in the eighth	True
He walked two and struck out three . The Phillies scored three runs in the fourth	True
Dee Gordon had three hits and scored a run for the Marlins , who have lost four of five . Miami took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Marlins tied the game in the bottom of the inning on a two - base throwing error by third baseman Cesar Hernandez . The Phillies took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Marlins tied it in the bottom half on a run - scoring double by Pedro Florimon and a run - scoring double by Marcell Ozuna . Miami took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Miami took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on an RBI double by Pedro Florimon and a run - scoring double by Pedro Florimon . The Marlins took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
Dickey ( 9 - 8 ) allowed one run and seven hits , striking out nine and walking one . He also hit an RBI single in the fifth	True
Dickey ( 9 - 8 ) allowed one run and seven hits , striking out nine and walking one . He also hit an RBI single in the fifth , and the Braves scored six runs in the third	True
He also hit an RBI single in the fifth , and the Braves scored six runs in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third	True
He also hit an RBI single in the fifth , and the Braves scored six runs in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third	True
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third , a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . Inciarte had a two - run single in the third , a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third	False
Inciarte had a two - run single in the third , a two - run single in the third and a two - run single in the third . He added an RBI single in the fifth	True
Brandon Phillips hit an RBI single and Inciarte followed with a two - run single to make it 8 - 0 . Inciarte had an RBI single in the fifth	True
Sale ( 15 - 6 ) allowed three hits in seven innings , struck out 11 and walked none . Craig Kimbrel pitched the ninth	True
He walked none and struck out three . Hanley Ramirez hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Toronto 's Andrew Benintendi went 2 - for - 4 with a pair of stolen bases for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Andrew Osuna pitched a perfect eighth	True
He stole two bases and scored twice , stole two bases and scored twice . Toronto 's Eduardo Nunez hit an RBI double in the sixth	True
Toronto 's Eduardo Nunez hit an RBI double in the sixth , but the Blue Jays lost for the seventh time in their past eight games . Blue Jays right - hander Dominic Leone struck out the first two batters in the seventh	True
Jesse Chavez ( 7 - 10 ) pitched four innings of one - hit ball for the Angels , who have won four of five . Cron hit a three - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the eighth	True
He struck out one , walked two and hit a batter . Cron hit a two - out , two - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the eighth	True
Cron hit a two - out , two - run homer in the first inning and a solo shot in the eighth . Cron added a solo homer in the eighth	True
Cron added a solo homer in the eighth for the Angels , who have won four of five . Cron hit his second homer of the game , a solo shot in the eighth	True
Cron hit his second homer of the game , a solo shot in the eighth . It was the first multi - homer game of his career , and Cron added a two - out RBI single in the fourth	True
Vazquez ( 14 - 4 ) allowed three runs and seven hits in six - plus innings , walking five and striking out four . Addison Reed pitched a perfect eighth	True
Addison Reed pitched a perfect eighth and Craig Kimbrel got the final three outs for his 30th save . Justin Smoak hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . Toronto took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Toronto took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Kendrys Morales and a run - scoring single by Mitch Moreland . Nunez led off the third	True
Toronto took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Kendrys Morales and a run - scoring single by Mitch Moreland . Nunez led off the third with a home run , his fifth	False
Toronto took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run double by Kendrys Morales and a run - scoring single by Mitch Moreland . Nunez led off the third with a home run , his fifth , and Vazquez followed with a two - run shot to left , his 14th	False
Nunez led off the third with a home run , his fifth , and Vazquez followed with a two - run shot to left , his 14th . Boston cut it to 6 - 3 in the seventh	False
He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Brandon Crawford hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Brandon Crawford hit a solo homer in the fourth for San Francisco . Joe Panik hit a two - run homer off Phil Maton in the eighth	True
He walked four and struck out three . San Diego 's Hunter Pence extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first	True
San Francisco 's Phil Maton allowed two runs and three hits in two innings , struck out one and did not walk a batter . San Diego 's Hunter Pence extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first	True
He was replaced by pinch - runner Jabari Blash , who was replaced by pinch - runner Manuel Margot . Pence extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first	True
Pence extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first . He was replaced by pinch hitter Allen Cordoba , who pinch - hit for Chacin in the eighth	True
He struck out nine and did not walk a batter . Sean Doolittle gave up a run in the ninth	True
Sean Doolittle gave up a run in the ninth before finishing for his 16th save in 19 chances . Mets starter Hansel Robles ( 7 - 5 ) walked the first three batters he faced to load the bases with one out in the sixth	True
Adam Lind hit a sacrifice fly , and Brandon Nimmo hit a two - run homer off Erik Roark ( 11 - 8 ) to tie it at 3 . Anthony Rendon had an RBI single in the fourth	True
Adam Lind hit a sacrifice fly , and Brandon Nimmo hit a two - run homer off Erik Roark ( 11 - 8 ) to tie it at 3 . Anthony Rendon had an RBI single in the fourth , and Juan Lagares doubled in a run in the sixth	True
Washington tied it at 3 in the bottom half on a bases - loaded walk to Andrew Stevenson . Reyes had three hits , including an RBI single in the ninth	True
Reyes had three hits , including an RBI single in the ninth . He had three hits , including a two - run homer in the sixth	True
He had three hits , including a two - run homer in the sixth that put Washington ahead 5 - 2 . The Mets took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth	True
The Mets took a 3 - 2 lead in the sixth on a bases - loaded walk to Andrew Stevenson and a run - scoring single by Daniel Murphy . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Adrian Beltre 's RBI single . Davis homered in the fourth	True
It was his second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 21 . Davis homered in the bottom of the fourth	True
It was Davis ' second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 21 . Davis homered in the bottom of the fourth	True
It was Davis ' second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 21 . Davis homered in the bottom of the fourth	True
It was Davis ' second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 21 . Davis hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Diaz had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth inning that gave the Indians a 13 - 4 lead . Diaz had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Diaz had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth that made it 13 - 6 . Diaz had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth	False
-- The Kansas City Royals had a chance in the ninth inning when Eric Hosmer hit a three - run homer with two outs and the bases loaded , and the Kansas City Royals rallied for a 6 - 4 victory over the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday night . Eric Hosmer hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth	True
Charlie Blackmon had three hits , including a home run , and drove in a run for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Colorado took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Trevor Story 's two - out throwing error . Blackmon led off the third	True
Blackmon led off the third with his 16th home run of the season . The Royals tied it in the second	True
He struck out six and walked three . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Jed Lowrie hit a two - run homer and Khris Davis added a solo shot in the ninth inning to help the A 's beat the Baltimore Orioles 6 - 4 on Tuesday night . Ryon Healy hit two home runs , including a two - run shot in the fifth inning , and Manny Machado hit a two - run shot in the sixth	True
Ryon Healy hit two home runs , including a two - run shot in the fifth inning , and Manny Machado hit a two - run shot in the sixth off Ubaldo Jimenez ( 5 - 9 ) . Jed Lowrie hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Jonathan Schoop added a two - run single in the eighth	True
Baltimore went up 2 - 0 in the first inning when Healy hit a two - run homer and Lowrie followed with a two - run shot to make it 3 - 0 . Healy connected in the fifth	True
It was Healy 's second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 28 , 2011 , against the Yankees . Machado hit a two - run shot in the sixth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Jimenez this season . Davis homered off Darren O'Day in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . Ichiro Suzuki hit a pinch - hit three - run homer in the ninth	True
Ichiro Suzuki hit a pinch - hit three - run homer in the ninth for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Dustin McGowan gave up a two - run homer to J. T. Realmuto and a two - run shot by Andres Blanco in the ninth	True
The Phillies have lost six of seven . The Phillies scored in the first	True
Miguel Rojas hit a run - scoring groundout and Stanton followed with a two - out double to right to give the Phillies a 3 - 2 lead . Rupp tied it at 3 in the seventh	True
He struck out eight and walked two . Adeiny Hechavarria hit a two - run homer off Yovani Gallardo ( 5 - 9 ) in the seventh	True
Kevin Kiermaier hit a leadoff homer in the first inning for the Mariners , who have lost five of six . Alex Colome pitched the ninth	True
Cameron Maybin singled in the go - ahead run in the eighth inning and the Los Angeles Angels rallied to beat the Baltimore Orioles 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Kole Calhoun hit a leadoff homer in the second inning and Chris Davis added a solo shot in the third	True
The Angels have won five of six and are 5 - 1 against the Orioles this season . Jonathan Schoop had three hits , including a two - run single in the sixth inning , and Andrelton Simmons hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Cam Bedrosian ( 3 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless sixth inning for the win . Bud Norris worked the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . Sean Doolittle pitched a perfect ninth	True
Sean Doolittle pitched a perfect ninth for his 13th save . Kirby Yates ( 2 - 4 ) struck out the side in the ninth	True
Kirby Yates ( 2 - 4 ) struck out the side in the ninth for the win . Ryan Zimmerman hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth	True
Ryan Zimmerman hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth for the Padres , who have won four of five . Ryan Zimmerman hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth	False
Ryan Zimmerman hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth for the Padres , who have won four of five . Ryan Zimmerman hit a tiebreaking homer in the eighth off Phil Maton , who struck out two in a scoreless eighth	True
He walked four and struck out six . The Padres took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Padres tied it in the bottom half on Jose Pirela 's two - out RBI single . Washington tied the game at 1 in the third	True
Washington tied the game at 1 in the third on a two - out RBI single by Jose Pirela . San Diego 's Howie Kendrick led off the third	True
The Padres tied it in the bottom half when Manuel Margot doubled and scored on Jose Pirela 's two - out single . Washington tied it in the eighth	True
He struck out six and walked two . The Boston bullpen gave up three runs in the sixth	True
The Cardinals scored a run in the first inning on an RBI single by Xander Bogaerts and a two - run double by Rafael Devers . Hanley Ramirez hit a two - run double and Mitch Moreland had a run - scoring single in the fifth	True
Sandy Leon had a two - run double and Carson Kelly had an RBI single for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Cardinals starter Eduardo Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect sixth	True
Sandy Leon had a two - run double and Carson Kelly had an RBI single for the Cardinals , who have lost four of five . Cardinals starter Eduardo Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect sixth , striking out the side in the sixth	True
Cardinals starter Eduardo Rodriguez ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a perfect sixth , striking out the side in the sixth . The Cardinals scored three runs in the sixth	False
The Cardinals scored three runs in the sixth to take a 9 - 0 lead . Fowler had three hits , including a two - run double in Boston 's five - run sixth	True
Fowler had three hits , including a two - run double in Boston 's five - run sixth . The Cardinals added three runs in the eighth	True
Brandon Morrow ( 5 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Juan Minaya ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth	True
Juan Minaya ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Juan Minaya ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth	False
Juan Minaya ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Juan Minaya ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth	False
Juan Minaya ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth . Juan Minaya ( 1 - 1 ) gave up a two - run single to Joc Pederson in the eighth inning and a two - run single to pinch - hitter Austin Barnes in the eighth	True
Corey Seager 's two - out , two - run single in the bottom half gave the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead . The Dodgers tied it in the sixth	True
Corey Seager 's two - out , two - run single in the bottom half gave the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead . The Dodgers tied it in the sixth when Yasmani Grandal led off with a single , stole second	False
Corey Seager 's two - out , two - run single in the bottom half gave the Dodgers a 1 - 0 lead . The Dodgers tied it in the sixth when Yasmani Grandal led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
Joey Gallo hit his 21st homer for the Tigers , who have lost three of four . Nomar Mazara had three hits for the Tigers , including an RBI single in the first	True
Odor had three hits and scored three times . The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Adrian Beltre and a run - scoring single by Robinson Chirinos . Upton hit a two - run homer in the first	True
The Tigers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Adrian Beltre and a run - scoring single by Robinson Chirinos . Upton hit a two - run homer in the first , and Nomar Mazara had an RBI single in the fourth	False
Brad Hand got four outs for his ninth save in 11 chances . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
It was Margot 's second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 28 , 2011 , against the Los Angeles Dodgers . The Padres tied the game at 2 in the third	True
It was Margot 's second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 28 , 2011 , against the Los Angeles Dodgers . The Padres tied the game at 2 in the third	True
The A 's have lost four of five . Mancini hit a solo homer in the sixth inning and added a solo shot in the sixth	True
Mancini hit a solo homer in the sixth inning and added a solo shot in the sixth . Jones hit a two - run double off Liam Hendriks in the seventh	True
Jones hit a two - run double off Liam Hendriks in the seventh to make it 7 - 1 . Lowrie added an RBI double in the eighth	False
Lowrie added an RBI double in the eighth . Baltimore 's Mark Trumbo hit a solo homer in the sixth	False
Baltimore 's Mark Trumbo hit a solo homer in the sixth for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland 's Manny Machado had an RBI groundout in the first	True
Tim Anderson also homered and drove in three runs for the White Sox , who have won four of five . Anderson had a two - run homer in the fifth	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . Houston 's Derek Fisher homered off Gonzalez in the eighth	True
A. Happ won his third straight start and the Blue Jays beat CC Sabathia and the New York Yankees 4 - 2 on Tuesday night . Donaldson hit a two - run shot off CC Sabathia ( 9 - 5 ) in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the third	True
Donaldson hit a two - run shot off CC Sabathia ( 9 - 5 ) in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the third . He added a two - run shot in the third	True
Donaldson hit a two - run shot off CC Sabathia ( 9 - 5 ) in the first inning and added a two - run shot in the third . He added a two - run shot in the third and a two - run shot off Ryan Tepera in the third	True
He added a two - run shot in the third and a two - run shot off Ryan Tepera in the third . Donaldson hit a two - run shot in the third	False
He added a two - run shot in the third and a two - run shot off Ryan Tepera in the third . Donaldson hit a two - run shot in the third and added a two - run shot in the third	False
Donaldson hit a two - run shot in the third and added a two - run shot in the third , his 23rd of the season . He added a two - run shot in the third	False
Donaldson hit a two - run shot in the third and added a two - run shot in the third , his 23rd of the season . He added a two - run shot in the third and a two - run drive in the third	False
He added a two - run shot in the third and a two - run drive in the third . Donaldson hit a two - run shot off CC Sabathia in the third	True
He walked one and struck out three . Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He walked one and struck out three . Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first and a two - run shot off Sabathia in the third	True
Donaldson hit a two - run homer in the first and a two - run shot off Sabathia in the third , his 25th . Donaldson hit a two - run shot off Bryan Mitchell in the third	True
Donaldson hit a two - run shot off Bryan Mitchell in the third , his 22nd of the season . He added a two - run shot off Ryan Tepera in the third	True
It was the first multihomer game of his career . Donaldson hit a two - run shot off Bryan Mitchell in the first	True
It was the first multihomer game of his career . Donaldson hit a two - run shot off Bryan Mitchell in the first and added a two - run shot in the third	True
Donaldson hit a two - run shot off Bryan Mitchell in the first and added a two - run shot in the third , his 25th . Donaldson went 3 - for - 4 with a pair of two - run homers and a two - run shot to right off Bryan Mitchell in the third	True
Chris Davis hit a solo homer in the first inning , and Nicholas Castellanos and Joey Rickard also homered for the Tigers , who have lost three of their past four games . Machado hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Chris Davis hit a solo homer in the first inning , and Nicholas Castellanos and Joey Rickard also homered for the Tigers , who have lost three of their past four games . Machado hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Rickard connected in the fifth	True
Machado hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Rickard connected in the fifth for a 6 - 0 lead . It was the first career cycle for Machado , who hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Machado hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Rickard connected in the fifth for a 6 - 0 lead . It was the first career cycle for Machado , who hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a two - run single in the eighth	False
The right - hander struck out nine and walked one . Judge hit a three - run homer off Carlos Carrasco ( 10 - 5 ) in the seventh	True
Judge hit a three - run homer off Carlos Carrasco ( 10 - 5 ) in the seventh . Judge hit a three - run shot off Mike Clevinger in the seventh	True
Judge hit a three - run shot off Mike Clevinger in the seventh to make it 8 - 1 . Judge hit a three - run homer off Mike Clevinger in the seventh	True
Judge hit a three - run shot off Mike Clevinger in the seventh to make it 8 - 1 . Judge hit a three - run homer off Mike Clevinger in the seventh , and the Yankees took a 5 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
Jacoby Ellsbury hit a three - run triple and Chase Headley added a sacrifice fly . Michael Brantley hit a solo homer in the first	True
Max Moroff hit a three - run triple with two outs in the ninth inning and the Pirates rallied for a 4 - 1 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . George Kontos ( 1 - 6 ) pitched a perfect eighth	True
Max Moroff hit a three - run triple with two outs in the ninth inning and the Pirates rallied for a 4 - 1 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . George Kontos ( 1 - 6 ) pitched a perfect eighth and Felipe Rivero worked a perfect ninth	True
The Nationals have lost four of five . Washington had a chance to take the lead in the eighth	True
Washington had a chance to take the lead in the eighth . Starling Marte led off with a single , stole second	False
Washington had a chance to take the lead in the eighth . Starling Marte led off with a single , stole second and went to third	False
WASHINGTON -- Josh Bell hit a two - run homer in the ninth inning to lift the Washington Nationals to a 5 - 4 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Anthony Rendon drew a one - out walk from Daniel Hudson ( 2 - 7 ) , stole second	False
Anthony Rendon drew a one - out walk from Daniel Hudson ( 2 - 7 ) , stole second and scored on Alejandro De Aza 's two - out single to give the Nationals a 4 - 2 lead . Josh Bell hit a two - run homer in the top of the ninth	True
Josh Bell hit a two - run homer in the top of the ninth for the Pirates , who have lost four of five . Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs in the ninth	True
Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs in the ninth to get the win . Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) allowed a two - run single to Andrew McCutchen and a two - run homer to Alejandro De Aza in the top of the ninth	True
Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) allowed a two - run single to Andrew McCutchen and a two - run homer to Alejandro De Aza in the top of the ninth . Doolittle ( 2 - 0 ) allowed two runs in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . The Pirates took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Jason Heyward had an RBI double in the seventh	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Jason Heyward had an RBI double in the seventh , and Addison Russell hit a three - run homer in the seventh	True
Jason Heyward had an RBI double in the seventh , and Addison Russell hit a three - run homer in the seventh to give the Cubs a 3 - 1 lead . Addison Russell hit a three - run homer in the seventh	False
Danny Valencia hit a three - run homer , Yonder Alonso added a two - run shot and the Mariners beat the Oakland Athletics 6 - 3 on Tuesday night for their fifth straight win . Khris Davis hit a two - run homer off Daniel Mengden ( 2 - 2 ) in the sixth	True
Yonder Alonso hit a two - run homer for the A 's , who have lost five of six . Emilio Wendle hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
He struck out five and walked none . Emilio Wendle hit an RBI single in the seventh	True
Emilio Pagan ( 2 - 3 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Edwin Diaz struck out two in a perfect ninth	True
Edwin Diaz struck out two in a perfect ninth for his 33rd save . The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The A 's took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Jed Lowrie hit a one - out double and scored on Ben Gamel 's two - out single . Alonso hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Alonso hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Mariners a 2 - 1 lead . It was Alonso 's fourth home run of the season and second	False
It was Alonso 's fourth home run of the season and second in two games . The A 's took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out two and walked one . Jeurys Familia gave up a two - run single to Jace Peterson and pinch - hitter Matt Kemp 's run - scoring groundout in the ninth	True
Jeurys Familia gave up a two - run single to Jace Peterson and pinch - hitter Matt Kemp 's run - scoring groundout in the ninth before finishing for his fifth save in five chances . Atlanta 's Asdrubal Cabrera had an RBI groundout in the third	True
Jeurys Familia gave up a two - run single to Jace Peterson and pinch - hitter Matt Kemp 's run - scoring groundout in the ninth before finishing for his fifth save in five chances . Atlanta 's Asdrubal Cabrera had an RBI groundout in the third and a run - scoring groundout in the third	True
Atlanta 's Asdrubal Cabrera had an RBI groundout in the third and a run - scoring groundout in the third . Travis d'Arnaud hit a solo homer in the eighth	False
He walked two and struck out six . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Twins tied it in the bottom of the inning on Alex Presley 's RBI single . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Ian Kinsler led off with a double and scored on a single by Alex Presley . Minnesota took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - out single by Jason Castro . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Jeimer Candelario 's RBI double . Jorge Polanco had three hits , including an RBI double in the fifth	True
Jorge Polanco had three hits , including an RBI double in the fifth that made it 4 - 1 . Eddie Rosario added a run - scoring single in the sixth	False
Castro 's two - run double in the eighth gave the Twins an 8 - 1 lead . Max Kepler added a two - run double in the eighth	True
Castro 's two - run double in the eighth gave the Twins an 8 - 1 lead . Max Kepler added a two - run double in the eighth , and Jason Castro added a two - run double in the eighth	False
Max Kepler added a two - run double in the eighth , and Jason Castro added a two - run double in the eighth . Shane Greene ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs in the eighth	True
Shane Greene ( 0 - 1 ) gave up two runs in the eighth , but the Tigers scored five runs in the inning . The Twins scored three runs in the eighth	True
Dexter Fowler had three hits and drove in two runs for St. Louis , which has won four of five . Paul DeJong hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Pence hit a go - ahead sacrifice fly in the ninth inning and the San Francisco Giants beat the Colorado Rockies 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Hunter Pence hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
The Rockies scored in the second inning on Sandoval 's two - out RBI single . The Rockies tied it in the fourth	True
The Rockies tied it in the fourth when Posey doubled and scored on Trevor Story 's single . Sandoval had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the fourth	True
Sandoval had three hits , including a run - scoring single in the fourth that put the Giants ahead 1 - 0 . The Rockies tied it in the fourth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Parra tied it at 3 with an RBI double in the eighth	True
Parra tied it at 3 with an RBI double in the eighth off Chris Rusin ( 5 - 1 ) . Sam Dyson ( 4 - 8 ) pitched the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked three . John Jaso hit a two - run homer off Luke Farrell in the eighth	True
He struck out eight and walked three . John Jaso hit a two - run homer off Luke Farrell in the eighth , and Eugenio Suarez hit a two - run shot off Gerrit Cole ( 11 - 11 ) in the sixth	True
He walked four and struck out three . Castellanos hit a two - run double in the third	True
He walked four and struck out three . Castellanos hit a two - run double in the third , and Candelario added a three - run homer off Mike Pelfrey in the eighth	True
It was the first time the Tigers had hit back - to - back home runs this season . Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Rosario hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
The Blue Jays have lost six of seven . Rosario hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a solo shot in the fifth	True
Rosario hit a two - run homer in the fifth and a solo shot in the fifth to make it 13 - 5 . Rosario also hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
The Blue Jays sent 10 batters to the plate in the inning , scoring four runs off Joe Biagini ( 3 - 11 ) . Rosario hit a two - out , two - run homer off Chris Rowley to make it 13 - 5 , and Mauer hit a three - run shot in the seventh	True
It was the fourth time this season the Twins have hit back - to - back home runs . Donaldson hit a solo shot in the second inning and added a solo shot in the second	True
Donaldson hit a solo shot in the second inning and added a solo shot in the second . He also hit a solo shot in the second inning and a solo shot in the second	True
He also hit a solo shot in the second inning and a solo shot in the second . Rosario also hit a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the second	True
He struck out eight and walked three . Ryan Madson pitched the eighth	True
Ryan Madson pitched the eighth and Sean Doolittle finished for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Zimmerman hit a three - run homer in the sixth inning and a solo shot in the eighth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Zimmerman hit a three - run homer off Josh Ravin in the sixth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Zimmerman , who had been 0 - for - 8 in his previous four games . He hit a two - run homer in the eighth inning and a solo shot in the eighth	True
It was the first multihomer game of his career and the first time he has hit two homers in a game . Zimmerman hit a three - run shot off Josh Ravin in the sixth	True
He has hit safely in 13 of his last 13 games . Lind hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
The Pirates have won six of their last seven games . Andrew McCutchen homered off Kevin Shackelford with one out in the ninth	True
Zach Davies ( 17 - 9 ) allowed six runs and eight hits in four - plus innings for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Braun hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Zach Davies ( 17 - 9 ) allowed six runs and eight hits in four - plus innings for the Brewers , who have lost four of five . Braun hit a solo homer in the sixth and Braun added a run - scoring double in the ninth	True
Milwaukee took a 4 - 1 lead in the first inning . Dee Gordon led off with a single , stole second	False
Dee Gordon led off with a single , stole second and scored on Christian Yelich 's single . Shaw hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Shaw hit a solo homer in the sixth to make it 6 - 3 , and Braun 's solo homer in the sixth made it 6 - 3 . Braun hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Shaw hit a solo homer in the sixth to make it 6 - 3 , and Braun 's solo homer in the sixth made it 6 - 3 . Braun hit a solo homer in the sixth and Dietrich hit a two - run shot in the sixth	False
Cruz went 4 - for - 4 with a home run and two RBIs , Andrew Albers pitched five effective innings and the Mariners beat the Texas Rangers 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Cruz had four hits , including a solo homer in the seventh	True
Cruz went 4 - for - 4 with a home run and two RBIs , Andrew Albers pitched five effective innings and the Mariners beat the Texas Rangers 10 - 4 on Tuesday night . Cruz had four hits , including a solo homer in the seventh , and a solo homer in the seventh	True
Cruz had four hits , including a solo homer in the seventh , and a solo homer in the seventh . He also had a run - scoring single in the sixth	True
He also had a run - scoring single in the sixth . Cruz had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the seventh	True
Cruz had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the seventh . He also had a run - scoring single in the sixth	True
He also had a run - scoring single in the sixth . Cruz had a career - high four hits , including a solo homer in the seventh	True
He struck out seven and walked five . Pham hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Pham hit a two - run homer in the fifth to put the Cardinals ahead 4 - 1 . Pham hit a two - run homer in the fifth	False
Pham hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Cardinals a 4 - 1 lead . Pham hit a two - run homer in the fifth	False
Pham hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Cardinals a 4 - 1 lead . Pham hit a two - run homer in the fifth	False
Pham hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Cardinals a 4 - 1 lead . Pham hit a two - run homer in the fifth	False
Pham hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Cardinals a 4 - 1 lead . Pham hit a two - run homer in the fifth	False
Pham hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Cardinals a 4 - 1 lead . Pham hit a two - run homer in the fifth	False
He struck out seven and walked one . Seattle 's Andrew DeShields hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
It was the first homer allowed by Hamels this season , the most in the majors this season . Haniger had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third	True
It was the first home run allowed by Hamels this season , the most in the majors this season . Haniger had three hits , including a two - run homer in the third	True
It was the first home run allowed by Hamels this season , the most in the majors this season . DeShields led off the second	True
It was the first home run allowed by Hamels this season , the most in the majors this season . DeShields led off the second with a homer to left , his 14th	False
DeShields led off the second with a homer to left , his 14th of the season . The Rangers added a run in the fourth	True
The Red Sox scored three runs in the first inning , including a two - run double by Andrew Benintendi , a two - run double by Mitch Moreland and a two - run double by Andrew Benintendi . Dustin Pedroia hit a two - run homer in the first	True
The Red Sox scored three runs in the first inning , including a two - run double by Andrew Benintendi , a two - run double by Mitch Moreland and a two - run double by Andrew Benintendi . Dustin Pedroia hit a two - run homer in the first , and Mitch Moreland had a two - run single in the second	True
The Red Sox scored three runs in the second inning to make it 9 - 0 . Pedroia hit a two - run homer in the first	True
The Red Sox scored three runs in the second inning to make it 9 - 0 . Pedroia hit a two - run homer in the first and Mitch Moreland added a two - run single in the second	True
Pedroia hit a two - run homer in the first and Mitch Moreland added a two - run single in the second . The Red Sox scored three runs in the second	True
He walked three and struck out five . Howie Kendrick hit a solo homer in the second inning and Maikel Franco hit a solo shot in the second	True
Howie Kendrick hit a solo homer in the second inning and Maikel Franco hit a solo shot in the second for the Phillies , who have lost five of six . Hoskins hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a two - run single in the fourth	True
Hoskins hit a solo homer in the second inning and added a two - run single in the fourth . He also had an RBI single in the sixth	True
He also had an RBI single in the sixth . Taylor added an RBI single in the sixth	True
Mike Minor ( 6 - 6 ) pitched 1 2/3 scoreless innings for the win . Brandon Maurer worked the ninth	True
The Royals have won five of six . Byron Buxton hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
He struck out a season - high seven and walked one . The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Lorenzo Cain led off with a double and scored on Melky Cabrera 's groundout . Eduardo Escobar led off the third	True
The Twins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Lorenzo Cain led off with a double and scored on Melky Cabrera 's groundout . Eduardo Escobar led off the third with a home run , his third	False
Eduardo Escobar led off the third with a home run , his third of the season , to give the Twins a 2 - 1 lead . Buxton tied it in the sixth	True
Buxton tied it in the sixth with a solo shot to right off Ryan Pressly ( 2 - 3 ) . It was his fourth	False
Buxton tied it in the sixth with a solo shot to right off Ryan Pressly ( 2 - 3 ) . It was his fourth of the season and second	False
It was his fourth of the season and second in two games . The Royals added a run in the eighth	True
He struck out eight and walked three . The A 's scored three runs in the sixth	True
Jed Lowrie drew a bases - loaded walk and Khris Davis added a two - run single for the A 's , who have won four of five . Matt Chapman hit a run - scoring triple in the second	True
Matt Chapman hit a run - scoring triple in the second and scored on Alex Bregman 's double to make it 3 - 0 . The A 's scored three runs in the sixth	True
Boog Powell had two hits and drove in two runs for the A 's , who have won four of five . The Astros scored three runs in the eighth	True
Boog Powell drew a bases - loaded walk from J. D. Davis , and Josh Phegley drew a bases - loaded walk to make it 11 - 1 . Joey Wendle singled in a run in the eighth	True
He struck out four and walked three . Fernando Rodney pitched the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked one . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI fielder 's choice by Cody Bellinger . Arizona tied it in the second	True
Arizona tied it in the second on a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Cody Bellinger . The Dodgers tied it in the second	False
The Dodgers tied it in the second on an RBI fielder 's choice by Cody Bellinger . The Dodgers tied it in the second	False
The Dodgers tied it in the second on an RBI fielder 's choice by Cody Bellinger . The Dodgers tied it in the second	False
The Dodgers tied it in the second on an RBI fielder 's choice by Cody Bellinger . The Diamondbacks tied it in the seventh	True
The Diamondbacks tied it in the seventh on an RBI double by A. J. Pollock and a run - scoring double by Daniel Descalso . The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Dodgers took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on an RBI fielder 's choice by Bellinger and a run - scoring fielder 's choice by Bellinger . Arizona tied it in the seventh	True
Joe Musgrove ( 7 - 8 ) pitched 2 1/3 innings of two - hit relief for the win . Ken Giles pitched the ninth	True
Josh Reddick and Marwin Gonzalez each had two hits and drove in a run for the Astros , who have won four of five . Houston took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
Houston took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth on Dominic Smith 's RBI double and J. D. Davis ' sacrifice fly . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	False
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth on an RBI single by Josh Reddick and a sacrifice fly by J. D. Davis . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	False
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth when Alex Bregman hit a one - out double and scored on a single by Marwin Gonzalez . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	False
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the bottom half on an RBI single by Marwin Gonzalez . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth	True
He walked three and struck out four . Daniel Descalso hit a pinch - hit , three - run homer in the seventh	True
Daniel Descalso hit a pinch - hit , three - run homer in the seventh for the Rockies , who have lost four of five . Colorado scored three times in the seventh	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit an RBI double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Jake Lamb to make it 4 - 2 . The Diamondbacks added two more runs in the seventh	True
The Diamondbacks added two more runs in the seventh on a sacrifice fly by Story and an RBI single by A. J. Pollock . Scott Oberg ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the eighth	True
Scott Oberg ( 1 - 0 ) pitched the eighth for the win . Archie Bradley pitched the eighth	True
Archie Bradley pitched the eighth and Fernando Rodney finished for his ninth save in 10 chances . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Rey Arenado . They added two more runs in the second	True
They added two more runs in the second on an RBI single by Martinez and a sacrifice fly by Rey Fuentes . The Rockies made it 3 - 0 in the third	True
Justin Turner hit a game - ending grand slam with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Dodgers a 4 - 1 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Wednesday night . Yasiel Puig drew a one - out walk from Brian Duensing ( 0 - 1 ) in the bottom of the ninth	True
It was his first game - ending homer of the season . Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth for the win . Justin Turner hit a three - run homer in the ninth	True
Justin Turner hit a three - run homer in the ninth off Dodgers closer John Lackey to give the Cubs a 1 - 0 lead in the first game of the series against the Dodgers . Turner hit a two - out , two - run homer off Brian Duensing ( 0 - 1 ) in the ninth	True
Turner hit a 1 - 2 pitch from Brian Duensing ( 0 - 1 ) into the left - field pavilion for his first career game - ending homer . It was his first game - ending homer of the season and the first	False
It was his first game - ending homer of the season and the first of his career . Turner hit a two - out , two - run homer off John Lackey in the ninth	True
Cubs starter Rich Hill allowed one run and three hits in five innings , struck out eight and walked one . He was lifted for a pinch hitter in the fifth	True
He was lifted for a pinch hitter in the fifth after throwing 79 pitches . The Dodgers tied the game 1 - all in the fifth	True
Lindor hit a grand slam to cap a five - run rally in the sixth inning , and the Indians beat the New York Yankees 9 - 8 on Tuesday night . Lindor 's slam off Dellin Betances ( 0 - 1 ) gave the Indians an 8 - 8 lead in the sixth	True
New York 's Gary Sanchez hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Corey Kluber , who lasted only 2 2/3 innings . Greg Bird hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
New York 's Gary Sanchez hit a two - run homer in the first inning off Corey Kluber , who lasted only 2 2/3 innings . Greg Bird hit a two - run homer in the fifth , and Aaron Hicks hit a three - run shot in the sixth	True
The Indians , who began the day with the best record in the AL , have won seven of their last 10 playoff games . New York , which had won seven of its previous eight games , went ahead 6 - 3 in the third	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Dellin Betances struck out the side in the eighth	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Dellin Betances struck out the side in the eighth , and Cody Allen struck out the side in the ninth	False
He walked four and struck out two . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He walked four and struck out two . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth and added a sacrifice fly in the fifth	False
Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth and added a sacrifice fly in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth and added a sacrifice fly in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth and added a sacrifice fly in the fifth	False
Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth and added a sacrifice fly in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth and added a sacrifice fly in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Bruce hit a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Bruce hit a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Indians a 3 - 0 lead . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth and Bruce hit a two - run shot in the fourth to give the Indians a 3 - 0 lead . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a sacrifice fly in the fifth	False
Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a sacrifice fly in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a sacrifice fly in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a sacrifice fly in the fifth	False
Bruce hit a two - run homer in the fourth and a sacrifice fly in the fifth to make it 4 - 0 . Bruce hit a sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
He walked four and struck out two . Jay Bruce hit a two - run single in the first	True
He walked four and struck out two . Jay Bruce hit a two - run single in the first , and Rob Brantly homered in the fifth	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect ninth	True
Tyler Clippard pitched a perfect ninth for his fifth save . Fernando Abad ( 2 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and three hits in one - third	True
Fernando Abad ( 2 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and three hits in one - third of an inning for the Red Sox , who have lost four of five . Boston took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Boston took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth when Rafael Devers hit a two - run double and Tony Kemp followed with an RBI single . The Astros took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
McHugh ( 5 - 2 ) allowed three runs and five hits , striking out eight and walking one . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth when Rafael Devers hit a two - run double and scored on a sacrifice fly by Juan Centeno . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the fourth	False
Yuli Gurriel followed with a sacrifice fly to make it 4 - 3 . Moran had an RBI single in the seventh	True
Hernandez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed just two hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out four and walked two . Edwin Diaz struck out the side in the ninth	True
He struck out eight and walked one . Cruz hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Yan Gomes added a two - out RBI single in the seventh	True
It was the first time Kluber had allowed more than two earned runs in a game this season . The Mariners scored in the first	True
The Mariners scored in the first when Robinson Cano led off with a double and scored on Mitch Haniger 's two - out single . Seattle tied it in the seventh	True
The Mariners scored in the first when Robinson Cano led off with a double and scored on Mitch Haniger 's two - out single . Seattle tied it in the seventh when Lonnie Chisenhall was hit by a pitch , stole second	False
The Mariners scored in the first when Robinson Cano led off with a double and scored on Mitch Haniger 's two - out single . Seattle tied it in the seventh when Lonnie Chisenhall was hit by a pitch , stole second and advanced to third	False
Seattle tied it in the seventh when Lonnie Chisenhall was hit by a pitch , stole second and advanced to third on a throwing error by catcher Mike Segura . Chisenhall stole third	False
Seattle 's Dee Gordon was 1 - for - 3 with a walk , ending his career - best hitting streak at 16 games -- the longest active streak in the majors . Dee Gordon led off the Cleveland seventh	True
Semien hit a game - ending single with one out in the 11th inning to lift the Oakland Athletics to a 6 - 5 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night . The A 's trailed 4 - 0 in the fifth	True
The A 's trailed 4 - 0 in the fifth before rallying for a 5 - 4 lead . Semien led off the bottom half with a single off Noe Ramirez ( 0 - 1 ) , stole second	False
The A 's trailed 4 - 0 in the fifth before rallying for a 5 - 4 lead . Semien led off the bottom half with a single off Noe Ramirez ( 0 - 1 ) , stole second and went to third	False
It was the first home run of the season for Pujols , who hit a three - run shot in the Angels ' 3 - 1 win over the Angels on opening day . Davis hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
It was the first time the A 's hit back - to - back home runs this season . Cozart hit a solo shot in the fifth	True
He walked three and struck out none . Adam Duvall hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
He walked none and struck out four . Keone Kela worked a perfect ninth	True
He walked one and struck out four . Joey Gallo hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He walked one and struck out four . The Blue Jays took a 4 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Blue Jays took a 4 - 0 lead in the first on a two - run single by Mazara and a two - run single by Guzman . Toronto answered in the bottom half when Gallo hit a two - run homer , his third	False
Toronto answered in the bottom half on a two - run single by Guzman , who had three hits . Gallo hit a two - run homer off Stroman in the first	True
He struck out two and walked two . Joakim Soria pitched the ninth	True
Belt hit a two - run homer , Joe Panik had three hits and scored twice and the San Francisco Giants beat the Washington Nationals 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Brandon Belt hit a two - run homer in the third inning , and Mac Williamson added a solo shot in the sixth	True
Brandon Belt hit a two - run homer in the third inning , and Mac Williamson added a solo shot in the sixth to give the Giants a 4 - 3 victory over the Nationals on Tuesday night . Brandon Belt hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Taylor Moronta ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Hunter Strickland pitched a scoreless ninth	True
He struck out three and walked two . Taylor Williamson hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
Taylor Williamson hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Taylor Madson pitched the eighth	True
Taylor Williamson hit a solo homer in the sixth for the Giants , who have lost four of five . Taylor Madson pitched the eighth and Hunter Strickland pitched a perfect ninth	True
Kyle Schwarber homered twice and drove in two runs for the Cubs , who have won four of five . Schwarber , who had three hits , added a solo homer in the second inning and a solo shot in the fourth	True
The Indians scored three runs in the second inning to take a 2 - 0 lead . Schwarber hit a two - out solo homer to right , his third	False
Schwarber hit a two - out solo homer to right , his third of the season . The Cubs added three runs in the third	True
Jose Ramirez led off with a double and scored on Jason Kipnis ' groundout . Willson Contreras hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Evan Longoria hit a two - run homer in the third inning for San Francisco , which has won four of five . Brandon Belt had three hits , including a solo homer , and Mike Trout hit a two - run shot in the eighth	True
Brandon Belt had three hits , including a solo homer , and Mike Trout hit a two - run shot in the eighth for the Angels . Hunter Strickland pitched the ninth	True
The right - hander struck out one and walked one . Noe Ramirez gave up a two - run homer to Mike Trout in the eighth	True
The right - hander struck out one and walked one . Noe Ramirez gave up a two - run homer to Mike Trout in the eighth , and Jim Johnson worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the eighth	True
Noe Ramirez gave up a two - run homer to Mike Trout in the eighth , and Jim Johnson worked out of a bases - loaded jam in the eighth by getting Buster Posey to ground into an inning - ending double play . Buster Posey hit an RBI single in the third	True
Aaron Altherr hit a two - out single in the 11th inning to give the Phillies a 3 - 2 win over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Aaron Altherr hit a two - out single in the 11th	True
Yacksel Rios ( 3 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless 11th inning for the win . Andrew Knapp led off the 11th	True
Andrew Knapp led off the 11th with a single off George Kontos and scored on Cesar Hernandez 's sacrifice fly . Diaz hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Williams gave up two runs -- two earned -- and five hits with seven strikeouts and five walks in six innings . Diaz hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
The right - hander allowed four runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out five and walked three . Judge hit a two - run homer off Marcus Stroman ( 0 - 2 ) in the third	True
The right - hander allowed four runs and five hits in 5 1/3 innings , struck out five and walked three . Judge hit a two - run homer off Marcus Stroman ( 0 - 2 ) in the third , and Andujar added a three - run double in the sixth	True
Judge hit a two - run homer off Marcus Stroman ( 0 - 2 ) in the third , and Andujar added a three - run double in the sixth to give New York a 7 - 1 lead . The Blue Jays broke the game open with a four - run sixth	True
NEW YORK -- J. T. Realmuto hit a three - run homer and drove in four runs , and the Miami Marlins beat the New York Yankees 9 - 1 on Tuesday night . Realmuto had a three - run homer in the fifth inning and a three - run shot in the fifth	True
The right - hander was 0 - 4 with a 6.23 ERA in his previous five starts , including a no - decision against the New York Mets in his first start of the season . Realmuto hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
Realmuto 's three - run homer in the fifth gave the Marlins a 7 - 0 lead . J. T. Realmuto hit a three - run homer in the fifth	True
He struck out seven and did not walk a batter . Lowrie hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Taylor Motter connected in the fifth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Hernandez in his last five starts . Lowrie 's two - run homer in the first inning was his first	False
Lowrie 's two - run homer in the first inning was his first of the season . Motter 's solo shot in the bottom of the fifth	True
It was the first home run allowed by Hernandez in his last five starts , and the first time he 's allowed more than three earned runs in a game . The A 's had runners on first	False
It was the first home run allowed by Hernandez in his last five starts , and the first time he 's allowed more than three earned runs in a game . The A 's had runners on first and second	False
It was the first home run allowed by Hernandez in his last five starts , and the first time he 's allowed more than three earned runs in a game . The A 's had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
It was the fourth time this season the Mariners have hit back - to - back home runs . Davis hit a two - run shot off Oakland starter Mike Leake in the first inning and added a solo shot in the eighth	True
It was Davis ' second multihomer game of the season and his first since Aug. 1 , 2011 , when he was with the Los Angeles Angels . Haniger , who hit a two - run homer in the first inning , added a two - out , two - run shot off Juan Nicasio in the seventh	True
Dan Altavilla ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless seventh inning for the win . Edwin Diaz pitched the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The A 's took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Robinson Cano drew a one - out walk and Haniger followed with a run - scoring single . Chapman hit a two - out homer in the sixth	True
Bruce Rondon ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect eighth inning for the win . Nate Jones pitched the ninth	True
Nate Jones pitched the ninth for his first save . Pruitt ( 1 - 2 ) allowed two runs and four hits in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth	True
He walked five and struck out six . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on C. J. Cron 's two - out RBI double . The White Sox had runners on first	False
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on C. J. Cron 's two - out RBI double . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fifth on C. J. Cron 's two - out RBI double . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh	True
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Luis Avilan struck out Matt Duffy to end the threat . The Rays had runners on first	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Luis Avilan struck out Matt Duffy to end the threat . The Rays had runners on first and second	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the seventh , but Luis Avilan struck out Matt Duffy to end the threat . The Rays had runners on first and second with one out in the eighth	True
He struck out six and walked five . Luis Avilan got the last two outs of the seventh	True
He struck out six and walked five . Luis Avilan got the last two outs of the seventh and Chaz Roe got two outs in the eighth	False
Yonny Chirinos allowed four hits and struck out five in 5 1/3 scoreless innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Luis Avilan struck out the side in the eighth	True
Yonny Chirinos allowed four hits and struck out five in 5 1/3 scoreless innings for the Rays , who have lost four of five . Luis Avilan struck out the side in the eighth , and Nate Jones worked the ninth	False
The right - hander struck out five , walked none and hit a batter . Matt Joyce had three hits for the Dodgers , including a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Matt Joyce had three hits for the Dodgers , including a two - run homer in the ninth . Marcus Semien had two hits and four RBI , including a two - run double in the fourth	True
Marcus Semien had two hits and four RBI , including a two - run double in the fourth that put the Athletics ahead 6 - 1 . Davis hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring grounder in the fourth	True
Davis hit a two - run homer in the first inning and added a run - scoring grounder in the fourth . He also had a run - scoring single in the sixth	True
He also had a run - scoring single in the sixth . Semien had a two - run double in the fourth	True
He also had a run - scoring single in the sixth . Semien had a two - run double in the fourth and a three - run homer in the ninth	False
He struck out five and walked two . Jeurys Familia pitched the ninth	True
The Mets scored in the second inning on Adrian Gonzalez 's RBI single and Jay Bruce 's two - out RBI single . The Mets added a run in the fifth	True
The Mets added a run in the fifth on an RBI single by Dietrich and a run - scoring single by Rosario , who was thrown out trying to stretch it into a triple . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Dietrich and a run - scoring single by Jay Bruce . The Mets scored in the third	True
Devers hit a two - run double and Christian Vazquez had two hits and drove in a run , leading the Red Sox to an 8 - 7 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . The Red Sox trailed 7 - 2 before rallying to tie it in the eighth	True
Carson Smith ( 1 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Craig Kimbrel pitched a perfect ninth	True
Cron led off the second inning with his first homer of the season , a drive into the Green Monster seats . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
Cron led off the second inning with his first homer of the season , a towering shot into the left - field seats . The Red Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
The right - hander , who signed a $ 36 million , three - year deal with the Tigers in the offseason , struck out six and walked one . Shane Greene pitched the ninth	True
He struck out five and walked five . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . Leonys Martin led off the game with a single , stole second	False
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly . Leonys Martin led off the game with a single , stole second and went to third	False
Martin scored on Miguel Cabrera 's sacrifice fly to make it 1 - 0 . Detroit loaded the bases with one out in the first	True
Detroit loaded the bases with one out in the first , but Fiers struck out Jose Iglesias and got Leury Garcia to ground into a 1 - 2 - 3 double play . The Tigers had runners on first	False
Detroit loaded the bases with one out in the first , but Fiers struck out Jose Iglesias and got Leury Garcia to ground into a 1 - 2 - 3 double play . The Tigers had runners on first and second	False
Detroit loaded the bases with one out in the first , but Fiers struck out Jose Iglesias and got Leury Garcia to ground into a 1 - 2 - 3 double play . The Tigers had runners on first and second with one out in the second	True
He struck out eight and walked three . Pedro Strop ( 2 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the eighth	True
Pedro Strop ( 2 - 0 ) got the last two outs of the eighth for the win . Brandon Morrow pitched the ninth	True
He struck out nine , walked one and hit a batter . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
He struck out nine , walked one and hit a batter . The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Bryant led off with a homer , his first	False
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Bryant led off with a homer , his first of the season . Bryant tied it at 1 with a leadoff homer in the sixth	True
The Brewers took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Bryant led off with a homer , his first of the season . Bryant tied it at 1 with a leadoff homer in the sixth , his third	False
Suarez hit a tiebreaking , three - run homer in the eighth inning and the Reds rallied to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Suarez had a two - run single in the sixth	True
Suarez hit a tiebreaking , three - run homer in the eighth inning and the Reds rallied to beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 7 - 4 on Tuesday night . Suarez had a two - run single in the sixth and a two - out , two - run single in the sixth	True
Suarez had a two - run single in the sixth and a two - out , two - run single in the sixth to give the Reds a 4 - 0 lead . Suarez had a two - run single in the sixth	False
Suarez had a two - run single in the sixth and a two - out , two - run single in the sixth to give the Reds a 4 - 0 lead . Suarez had a two - run single in the sixth and a two - out , two - run single in the sixth	False
Wandy Peralta ( 1 - 0 ) pitched two scoreless innings for his first major league win . Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth	True
Raisel Iglesias pitched the ninth for his second save . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out one and walked one . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Joey Votto and a sacrifice fly by Josh Harrison . Cincinnati added a run in the second	True
Cincinnati added a run in the second on a double by Jordy Mercer and a two - run double by Corey Dickerson . The Pirates took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Jim Johnson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for his first major league win , allowing one run and one hit in 1 2/3 innings for his first major league win . Blake Wood pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Jim Johnson ( 1 - 0 ) pitched 1 2/3 innings for his first major league win , allowing one run and one hit in 1 2/3 innings for his first major league win . Blake Wood pitched a scoreless eighth and Ryan Buchter gave up a two - run homer to Justin Upton in the seventh	True
He walked one and struck out three . The A 's took a 6 - 0 lead in the second inning , but the A 's responded with three runs in the second	True
The A 's took a 6 - 0 lead in the second inning , but the A 's responded with three runs in the second . Chapman hit a two - run homer , his first	False
Chapman hit a two - run homer , his first of the season , to make it 6 - 0 . The A 's tied it in the second	True
Houston starter Dallas Keuchel allowed five hits and two runs with four walks and three strikeouts in five - plus innings . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Tim Beckham led off with a double and scored on a fielder 's choice by Craig Gentry . Houston tied it in the second	True
Houston tied it in the second when Derek Fisher walked , stole second base and scored on a fielder 's choice by Adam Jones to tie it at 1 . The Astros tied it in the fourth	True
The Astros tied it in the fourth on an RBI groundout by Marwin Gonzalez . The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Astros took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Josh Reddick doubled and scored on a groundout by Jake Marisnick . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the second	True
The Orioles tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Alex Bregman . Baltimore took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Baltimore took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Reddick doubled and scored on a groundout by Marwin Gonzalez . Baltimore took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
Baltimore took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth when Reddick doubled and scored on a groundout by Marwin Gonzalez . Baltimore took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	False
The right - hander struck out 11 and walked three . Keone Kela worked the ninth	True
Chirinos ' RBI groundout in the second gave the Rangers a 2 - 0 lead . Pinder hit his first home run of the season in the third	True
Lynn ( 0 - 1 ) allowed five runs and three hits in four - plus innings , walking six and striking out three . Colin Moran hit a three - run homer in the first inning and Brian Dozier added a solo shot in the sixth	True
Taillon ( 1 - 0 ) allowed two runs and four hits in 5 1/3 innings , striking out a career - high nine and walking none . George Kontos pitched the ninth	True
Max Kepler 's RBI double in the sixth cut the lead to 5 - 4 , but Moran hit a three - run homer in the bottom of the inning to give the Twins a 5 - 0 lead . It was the first grand slam of his career and the first	False
It was the first grand slam of his career and the first by a Pirates pitcher this season . Moran hit a three - run homer off Lynn in the first inning , his first	False
Chapman hit a three - run homer in the second inning to give the Angels a 2 - 0 lead . Chapman hit a three - run homer in the second	True
Chapman hit a three - run homer in the second to give the Angels a 2 - 0 lead . Chapman hit a three - run homer in the second	False
Chapman hit a three - run homer in the second to give the Angels a 2 - 0 lead . Chapman hit a three - run homer in the second	False
Chapman hit a three - run homer off Chris Hatcher in the bottom half to make it 2 - 0 . Simmons had three hits , including a two - run single in the seventh	True
Hector Velazquez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed one run and five hits in 5 2/3 innings for the Red Sox . Joe Kelly worked the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out two . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by J. D. Martinez . Tampa Bay tied it at 1 in the fifth	True
The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by J. D. Martinez . Tampa Bay tied it at 1 in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Rafael Devers , but the Red Sox tied it in the sixth	True
Tampa Bay tied it at 1 in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Rafael Devers , but the Red Sox tied it in the sixth . Mookie Betts led off with a single , stole second	False
Tampa Bay tied it at 1 in the fifth on a two - out RBI single by Rafael Devers , but the Red Sox tied it in the sixth . Mookie Betts led off with a single , stole second and went to third	False
Mookie Betts led off with a single , stole second and went to third on catcher Wilson Ramos ' throwing error . Betts stole third	False
Betts stole third and scored on Joey Wendle 's single to right . Miller homered off Jake Faria in the second	True
Betts stole third and scored on Joey Wendle 's single to right . Miller homered off Jake Faria in the second , his first	False
Miller homered off Jake Faria in the second , his first of the season . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI single by Jackie Bradley Jr. and a run - scoring single by J. D. Martinez . Tampa Bay tied it at 1 in the fifth	True
Nelson Cruz homered and drove in three runs , Wade LeBlanc won for the first time in more than a year and the Mariners beat the Texas Rangers 6 - 1 on Tuesday night . Nelson Cruz hit a two - run homer in the third inning and Nomar Mazara added a solo shot in the fourth	True
The Mariners scored a run in the first inning on a sacrifice fly by Mitch Haniger and a sacrifice fly by Jean Segura . Nomar Mazara added a solo homer in the fourth	True
Newcomb ( 6 - 1 ) allowed two runs and four hits , walked two and struck out two in seven innings . Arodys Vizcaino pitched the ninth	True
Anthony Rendon had two hits and drove in two runs for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Washington took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Washington took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Anthony Rendon and a run - scoring double by Anthony Rendon . Washington tied it in the second	True
Washington tied it in the second on a double by Preston Tucker and a run - scoring single by Rendon . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
Washington tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Bryce Harper . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on an RBI single by Rendon and a run - scoring double by Preston Tucker . Washington tied the game in the third	True
Washington tied the game in the third on an RBI double by Preston Tucker and a run - scoring single by Freddie Freeman . Washington tied the game in the third	False
Washington tied the game in the third on an RBI double by Rendon and a run - scoring double by Preston Tucker . The Braves took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
Ryne Stanek ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss . Matt Chapman hit a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Ryne Stanek ( 1 - 1 ) took the loss . Matt Chapman hit a two - run homer in the eighth , and Wilson Ramos added a two - run double in the ninth	False
Stephen Piscotty hit a two - run double and Mark Canha added a two - out RBI single to make it 3 - 0 . Chapman hit a two - run homer off Vidal Nuno in the eighth	True
Chapman hit a two - run homer off Vidal Nuno in the eighth to make it 7 - 0 . Chapman hit a two - run homer off Vidal Nuno in the eighth	False
Chapman hit a two - run homer off Vidal Nuno in the eighth to make it 7 - 0 . Chapman hit a two - run homer off Vidal Nuno in the eighth	False
Renfroe 's pinch - hit single off Brad Ziegler ( 0 - 5 ) scored Freddy Galvis with the winning run . Freddy Galvis led off the bottom of the ninth	True
Renfroe 's pinch - hit single off Brad Ziegler ( 0 - 5 ) scored Freddy Galvis with the winning run . Freddy Galvis led off the bottom of the ninth with a single off Brad Ziegler ( 0 - 5 ) and advanced to second	False
Matt Strahm ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two scoreless innings for the win . Starlin Castro hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
The Marlins have lost six of seven . Miami 's Franmil Reyes homered in the fourth	True
ATLANTA -- Charlie Culberson 's first career game - ending homer in the ninth inning helped the Atlanta Braves to a 4 - 3 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Culberson hit a pinch - hit , two - run homer off Seth Lugo ( 1 - 1 ) in the bottom of the ninth	True
Culberson hit a pinch - hit , two - run homer off Seth Lugo ( 1 - 1 ) in the bottom of the ninth to give the Braves a 4 - 3 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night . Shane Camargo led off the ninth	True
He struck out six and walked three . Devin Mesoraco led off the ninth	True
Devin Mesoraco led off the ninth with a homer off Shane Carle ( 3 - 1 ) , and Charlie Culberson hit a pinch - hit , two - run homer off Shane Carle ( 3 - 1 ) to give the Mets a 3 - 2 lead in the bottom of the inning . Tyler Flowers homered off Shane deGrom in the seventh	True
He struck out eight and walked three . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Luis Guillorme 's RBI double . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth . Brandon Nimmo reached on a fielder 's choice , stole second	False
The right - hander struck out five and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . Greg Bird homered off Domingo German ( 0 - 3 ) in the seventh	True
The right - hander struck out five and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . Greg Bird homered off Domingo German ( 0 - 3 ) in the seventh , and J. D. Davis hit a three - run homer off A. J. Cole in the second	True
Greg Bird homered off Domingo German ( 0 - 3 ) in the seventh , and J. D. Davis hit a three - run homer off A. J. Cole in the second . Evan Gattis added an RBI single in the fourth	True
He was ejected for arguing a called third strike on a 3 - 2 pitch in the seventh inning . The Yankees took a 3 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out two and walked three . The Rangers had a chance to score in the first	True
He struck out two and walked three . The Rangers had a chance to score in the first when Whit Merrifield led off with a single and advanced to third	False
But Hammel retired the next two batters to end the threat . Chirinos hit a two - run homer in the seventh	True
Chirinos hit a two - run homer in the seventh to make it 5 - 3 . Joey Gallo homered in the seventh	True
Butera 's solo homer in the second inning made it 3 - 0 . The Royals had a chance to score in the first	True
Butera 's solo homer in the second inning made it 3 - 0 . The Royals had a chance to score in the first when Jon Jay led off with a single , stole second	False
Butera 's solo homer in the second inning made it 3 - 0 . The Royals had a chance to score in the first when Jon Jay led off with a single , stole second and went to third	False
But Hammel retired the next two batters to end the threat . Perez hit a two - run single in the first	True
The right - hander struck out eight and walked three . Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth	True
He walked five and struck out three . Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third	True
He walked five and struck out three . Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third and Miguel Andujar drove in a run with a fielder 's choice grounder in the third	True
Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third and Miguel Andujar drove in a run with a fielder 's choice grounder in the third . Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third	False
Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third and Greg Bird hit a bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded walk to make it 3 - 0 . Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third	True
Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third and Greg Bird hit a bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded bases - loaded walk to make it 3 - 0 . Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third and Miguel Andujar drove in a run with a fielder 's choice in the third	True
Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third and Miguel Andujar drove in a run with a fielder 's choice in the third . Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third	False
Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third and Miguel Andujar drove in a run with a fielder 's choice in the third . Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third , and Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third	False
Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third , and Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third to make it 3 - 0 . Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third	False
Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third , and Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third to make it 3 - 0 . Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third and Miguel Andujar drove in a run with a fielder 's choice in the third	True
Aaron Hicks drew a bases - loaded walk in the third and Miguel Andujar drove in a run with a fielder 's choice in the third . Simmons homered in the sixth	False
He struck out eight , walked three and hit a batter . The White Sox took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Abreu 's solo shot in the fifth gave the White Sox a 4 - 3 lead . Palka added a run - scoring single in the seventh	False
Yusmeiro Petit ( 2 - 1 ) pitched three innings of two - hit relief to earn his first major league win , and the Oakland Athletics beat the Seattle Mariners 4 - 3 on Tuesday night . Stephen Piscotty had a two - run double and Kyle Seager added an RBI double in the eighth	True
Jean Segura had three hits for the Mariners , who have lost four of five . Seattle starter Josh Lucas left the game in the top of the seventh	True
Seattle starter Josh Lucas left the game in the top of the seventh with a strained left hamstring . He was replaced by Mike Zunino , who pinch - hit in the eighth	True
He was replaced by Mike Zunino , who pinch - hit in the eighth . Seattle 's David Freitas had an RBI single in the second	True
Juan Soto led off the bottom of the ninth inning with a single , and the Nationals rallied to beat the San Diego Padres 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Juan Soto led off the bottom of the ninth	True
Juan Soto led off the bottom of the ninth with a single off Matt Strahm ( 0 - 2 ) , who was making his major league debut . Soto drew a one - out walk off Matt Strahm ( 0 - 2 ) , stole second	False
Juan Soto led off the bottom of the ninth with a single off Matt Strahm ( 0 - 2 ) , who was making his major league debut . Soto drew a one - out walk off Matt Strahm ( 0 - 2 ) , stole second and advanced to third	False
He scored on Michael A. Taylor 's double to right - center . Sean Doolittle ( 2 - 2 ) struck out the side in the top of the ninth	True
Bryce Harper homered for San Diego , which has lost three of four . Franchy Cordero hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
Franchy Cordero hit a solo homer in the fourth for San Diego , which has lost three of four . Harper tied it in the bottom of the fifth	False
It was the first time this season the A 's hit back - to - back homers . Fowler also doubled and scored in the seventh	True
The Blue Jays lost for the sixth time in eight games . Fowler homered off Josh Lucas to begin the third	True
The Blue Jays lost for the sixth time in eight games . Fowler homered off Josh Lucas to begin the third , his third	False
Fowler homered off Josh Lucas to begin the third , his third , and Josh Phegley followed with an RBI double . The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Blue Jays took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a two - out RBI double by Luke Maile . Toronto tied it in the fifth	True
Toronto tied it in the fifth on a two - out RBI double by Gio Petit . Toronto tied it in the bottom half when Fowler doubled , took third	False
He walked none and struck out six . Lucas Solarte and Josh Phegley hit back - to - back RBI doubles in the seventh	True
He walked none and struck out six . Lucas Solarte and Josh Phegley hit back - to - back RBI doubles in the seventh for the Blue Jays in the seventh	True
He struck out three and walked one . Gerardo Parra hit a three - run homer in the sixth	True
Gerardo Parra hit a three - run homer in the sixth to give Colorado a 6 - 3 lead . Noel Cuevas hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
Noel Cuevas hit a solo homer in the fifth for San Diego , which has won four of five . Wade Davis pitched the ninth	True
He struck out two and walked one . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
Colorado tied it at 1 in the bottom half on Castro 's two - out , three - run homer . Colorado tied it at 1 in the fourth	True
Colorado tied it at 1 in the fourth on a two - out RBI single by Manuel Margot . The Padres tied it in the fifth	True
Barnhart 's two - run homer in the fourth made it 6 - 4 . Schebler led off the sixth	True
Barnhart 's two - run homer in the fourth made it 6 - 4 . Schebler led off the sixth with a home run to left - center off Dylan Floro , and Belt added a two - run double in the sixth	False
Schebler led off the sixth with a home run to left - center off Dylan Floro , and Belt added a two - run double in the sixth to make it 9 - 4 . Duvall hit a three - run homer in the ninth	True
Barnhart 's two - run homer in the ninth gave the Giants a 9 - 4 lead . It was Barnhart 's third home run of the season and second	False
It was Barnhart 's third home run of the season and second in two days . He also had an RBI single in the first	True
DETROIT -- Niko Goodrum hit a go - ahead grand slam in the eighth inning , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Goodrum hit a two - run homer off Carlos Carrasco ( 5 - 2 ) in the fourth	True
DETROIT -- Niko Goodrum hit a go - ahead grand slam in the eighth inning , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Cleveland Indians 6 - 3 on Tuesday night . Goodrum hit a two - run homer off Carlos Carrasco ( 5 - 2 ) in the fourth and added a three - run shot in the eighth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Pete Kozma 's run - scoring groundout and Goodrum 's two - run homer in the fourth	True
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Pete Kozma 's run - scoring groundout and Goodrum 's two - run homer in the fourth . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Pete Kozma 's run - scoring groundout and Goodrum 's two - run homer in the fourth . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Michael Brantley 's two - out single , but Detroit tied it in the third	False
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Goodrum , who had a career - high five RBI . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Newcomb ( 4 - 1 ) allowed one hit in six innings , struck out six and walked four . Arodys Vizcaino gave up pinch - hitter Justin Bour 's three - run homer in the ninth	True
Arodys Vizcaino gave up pinch - hitter Justin Bour 's three - run homer in the ninth before finishing for his seventh save in eight chances . Ender Inciarte hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Nick Markakis hit a two - out RBI single in the first inning for the Braves , who have lost four of five . Miami 's Ronald Acuna Jr. extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first	True
Miami 's Ronald Acuna Jr. extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first . He stole second	False
He struck out a career - high eight and did n't walk a batter for the first time in his career . Castillo hit a solo homer off Rich Hill ( 1 - 2 ) in the seventh	True
Castillo hit a solo homer off Rich Hill ( 1 - 2 ) in the seventh to make it 5 - 1 . Yasmani Grandal homered off Austin Brice with two outs in the seventh	True
Yasmani Grandal homered off Austin Brice with two outs in the seventh to make it 5 - 1 . Yasiel Puig hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the third	True
Yasiel Puig hit his first home run of the season , a solo shot in the third . Eugenio Suarez hit a two - run homer in the third	True
He walked two and struck out one . Daniel Hudson pitched two scoreless innings for the Reds , and Raisel Iglesias pitched a perfect ninth	True
Daniel Hudson pitched two scoreless innings for the Reds , and Raisel Iglesias pitched a perfect ninth for his seventh save in eight chances . The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Dodgers took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on Alex Blandino 's RBI single . The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Dodgers took a 3 - 1 lead in the fourth on a two - run homer by Eugenio Suarez and a two - run shot by Puig . The Dodgers scored three runs in the sixth	True
The Dodgers scored three runs in the sixth to take a 5 - 1 lead . Votto hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
He struck out seven and walked two . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Seattle tied it in the bottom of the inning on Pete Kozma 's two - out RBI double and a two - run homer by John Hicks . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Detroit tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - run homer by Cano . The Tigers took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Tigers tied it in the bottom of the inning on a two - run homer by Cano . Seattle tied it in the bottom of the inning when Cano hit a three - run homer , his third	False
He walked three and struck out three . Josh Hader pitched the 10th	True
Lorenzo Cain led off the game with a triple and scored on Ryan Braun 's sacrifice fly . The Brewers took a 4 - 3 lead in the third	True
The Brewers tied it in the bottom half on a sacrifice fly by Christian Arenado , but the Brewers tied it in the bottom half on an RBI double by Hernan Perez and a run - scoring single by Gerardo Parra . The Rockies tied it in the sixth	True
The Rockies tied it in the sixth on a run - scoring double by Ian Desmond and a run - scoring double by DJ LeMahieu . Milwaukee tied it at 8 in the sixth	False
Milwaukee tied it at 8 in the sixth on an RBI double by Hernan Perez and a run - scoring double by Christian Arcia . The Rockies tied it in the sixth	True
He struck out a season - high eight and did not walk a batter . Ryan Zimmerman doubled and scored on a single by Pedro Severino in the seventh	True
Ryan Zimmerman doubled and scored on a single by Pedro Severino in the seventh to give the Nationals a 3 - 0 lead . Ryan Zimmerman doubled and scored on Pedro Suero 's sacrifice fly in the ninth	True
Ryan Zimmerman doubled and scored on Pedro Suero 's sacrifice fly in the ninth to make it 4 - 0 . Andrew Stevenson had a sacrifice fly in the ninth	False
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter . Victor Martinez hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Victor Martinez hit a two - run homer in the first for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Jose Iglesias hit a two - run homer in the second	True
Jose Iglesias hit a two - run homer in the second for the Tigers , who have lost four of five . Jeimer Candelario hit a solo homer in the first	True
Jeimer Candelario hit a solo homer in the first for the Rangers , who have lost four of five . Jurickson Profar hit a solo homer in the fifth	False
The Rangers have lost four of five . Texas had a chance to score in the eighth	True
Texas had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter John Hicks hit a sacrifice fly off Blaine Hardy to make it 6 - 4 . Beltre had an RBI single in the eighth	True
Texas had a chance to score in the eighth when pinch - hitter John Hicks hit a sacrifice fly off Blaine Hardy to make it 6 - 4 . Beltre had an RBI single in the eighth and a run - scoring single in the eighth	False
Shane Greene got four outs for his seventh save in nine chances . The Tigers had a chance to score in the first	True
Shane Greene got four outs for his seventh save in nine chances . The Tigers had a chance to score in the first when Niko Goodrum led off with a single , stole second	False
Shane Greene got four outs for his seventh save in nine chances . The Tigers had a chance to score in the first when Niko Goodrum led off with a single , stole second and went to third	False
CHICAGO -- Eddie Rosario had a career - high four hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning , and the Minnesota Twins beat the Chicago White Sox 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Rosario had a two - run double in the fourth	True
CHICAGO -- Eddie Rosario had a career - high four hits , including a two - run homer in the third inning , and the Minnesota Twins beat the Chicago White Sox 8 - 4 on Tuesday night . Rosario had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run homer in the third	True
Rosario had a two - run double in the fourth and a two - run homer in the third . He also had a two - run double in the fourth	True
He also had a two - run double in the fourth . Rosario also had a two - run double in the fourth	True
He also had a two - run double in the fourth . Rosario also had a two - run double in the fourth , and the Twins went ahead 8 - 1 in the third	True
He walked six and struck out two . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on Eduardo Escobar 's RBI double and Rosario 's run - scoring single . Jose Abreu 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 in the first	True
Jose Abreu 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 in the first , and Rosario followed with a two - run double to make it 6 - 1 . Rosario added a two - run double in the fourth	True
Rosario added a two - run double in the fourth to give the Twins a 6 - 1 lead . Rosario added a two - run double in the fourth	False
Miguel Andujar hit a game - ending RBI single with two outs in the ninth inning , lifting the Yankees to a 7 - 6 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night . Miguel Andujar hit a two - out RBI single off Alexi Ogando ( 0 - 1 ) to give the Yankees a 6 - 5 lead in the eighth	True
Miguel Andujar hit a two - out RBI single off Aroldis Chapman ( 1 - 0 ) , and Miguel Andujar hit a two - out , three - run homer off Chasen Shreve to make it 5 - all . Jose Ramirez had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth	True
Jose Ramirez had three hits , including a two - run homer in the eighth that put the Indians ahead 6 - 5 . Torres hit a three - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth	True
It was the first home run allowed by David Robertson this season , and the second time this season the Yankees have hit back - to - back home runs . Torres hit a three - run shot off Chasen Shreve to make it 5 - all in the eighth	True
He also hit a two - run shot in the ninth inning of a 5 - 4 win over the New York Yankees on Tuesday night . Torres hit a three - run homer off David Robertson in the eighth	True
ST. LOUIS -- Matt Carpenter and the St. Louis Cardinals had a chance to tie it in the bottom of the ninth inning . Carpenter homered leading off the ninth	True
Carpenter homered leading off the ninth , Yadier Molina singled home the winning run and the Cardinals rallied to beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 2 on Tuesday night . Matt Carpenter and Tommy Pham hit back - to - back home runs off Joakim Soria ( 0 - 1 ) to tie it in the ninth	True
Matt Carpenter and Tommy Pham hit back - to - back home runs off Joakim Soria ( 0 - 1 ) to tie it in the ninth . Marcell Ozuna led off the ninth	True
Matt Carpenter and Tommy Pham hit back - to - back home runs off Joakim Soria ( 0 - 1 ) to tie it in the ninth . Marcell Ozuna led off the ninth with a single off Joakim Soria ( 0 - 1 ) and advanced to second	False
Molina followed with an RBI single to center to give the Cardinals a 2 - 1 lead . Bud Norris ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out four and did not walk a batter . The White Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The White Sox took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on Yoan Moncada 's two - out , two - run double off Michael Wacha . Pham hit a leadoff homer in the first	True
Pham hit a leadoff homer in the first , and Yoan Moncada 's two - out , two - run double in the fourth gave the White Sox a 2 - 1 lead . The White Sox tied it in the fourth	True
The White Sox tied it in the fourth . Adam Engel led off with a single , stole second	False
The White Sox tied it in the fourth . Adam Engel led off with a single , stole second and advanced to third	False
He scored on Moncada 's two - out double to left - center . The Cardinals tied it in the fourth	True
Morrison hit a tiebreaking homer in the seventh inning , Max Kepler drove in the go - ahead run with a bases - loaded walk and the Minnesota Twins beat the Chicago White Sox 2 - 1 on Tuesday night . Logan Morrison hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
Logan Morrison hit a solo homer in the seventh for the Twins , who have won four of five . Morrison led off the bottom of the ninth	False
He struck out three and walked four . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh	True
He struck out three and walked four . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Avisail Garcia led off with a single , stole second	False
He struck out three and walked four . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Avisail Garcia led off with a single , stole second and went to third	False
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Avisail Garcia led off with a single , stole second and went to third on catcher Mitch Garver 's throwing error . The White Sox had runners on first	False
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Avisail Garcia led off with a single , stole second and went to third on catcher Mitch Garver 's throwing error . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the seventh when Avisail Garcia led off with a single , stole second and went to third on catcher Mitch Garver 's throwing error . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th	True
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Trevor Hildenberger struck out pinch - hitter Joe Mauer to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Trevor Hildenberger struck out pinch - hitter Joe Mauer to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Trevor Hildenberger struck out pinch - hitter Joe Mauer to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Trevor Hildenberger struck out pinch - hitter Joe Mauer to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Trevor Hildenberger struck out pinch - hitter Joe Mauer to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first and second	False
The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th , but Trevor Hildenberger struck out pinch - hitter Joe Mauer to end the threat . The White Sox had runners on first and second with one out in the 10th	False
Brandon Musgrave ( 0 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing one hit and one run in two - thirds of an inning . Moronta ( 4 - 1 ) got two outs in the ninth	True
Moronta ( 4 - 1 ) got two outs in the ninth for the win . Brandon Crawford hit a solo homer in the bottom of the ninth	False
Eovaldi ( 2 - 3 ) allowed one hit in six innings , striking out nine and walking two . Kelvin Herrera worked around a leadoff walk in the eighth	True
Drew Rusin ( 2 - 1 ) pitched 2 2/3 innings for the win . Kyle Barraclough pitched the ninth	True
Arenado followed with a two - run homer to make it 4 - 2 . Dietrich 's solo homer in the second made it 4 - 2 , but the Marlins tied it in the fourth	True
He struck out six and walked three . The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth on a two - run homer by Dietrich and a two - run shot by Gerardo Parra . Parra tied it at 5 with a solo homer in the fourth	True
The Rockies took a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth on a two - run homer by Dietrich and a two - run shot by Gerardo Parra . Parra tied it at 5 with a solo homer in the fourth , his second	False
Bellinger homered twice and drove in two runs , Justin Turner added a solo shot leading off the 11th inning and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the New York Mets 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Plawecki hit a three - run homer in the eighth	True
Bellinger homered twice and drove in two runs , Justin Turner added a solo shot leading off the 11th inning and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the New York Mets 8 - 7 on Tuesday night . Plawecki hit a three - run homer in the eighth off reliever Christopher Flexen ( 0 - 1 ) , and Justin Turner added a solo shot in the 11th	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit a two - run homer and Max Muncy added a solo shot for the Mets , who have lost four of five . Joc Pederson hit a tiebreaking solo homer in the seventh	True
Joc Pederson hit a tiebreaking solo homer in the seventh , and Enrique Hernandez hit two of New York 's four homers off Chris Beck . Hernandez hit a two - run shot off Chris Beck in the fifth	True
Hernandez hit a two - run shot off Chris Beck in the fifth to give the Mets a 4 - 3 lead . Hernandez hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Bellinger , who has homered in three straight games . Hernandez hit a two - run shot off Chris Beck in the fifth	True
It was his second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 26 , 2011 , against the Los Angeles Dodgers . Hernandez hit a two - run homer off Chris Beck in the eighth	True
He has hit safely in each of his last seven games . Hernandez hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Hernandez hit a two - run homer in the fifth to give the Mets a 4 - 3 lead . It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first	False
It was his second multihomer game of the season and the first of his career . Hernandez hit a two - run shot in the fifth	True
It was his second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 26 . Hernandez hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
It was his second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 26 , 2011 , against the Los Angeles Dodgers . Hernandez hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
It was his second multihomer game of the season and his first since July 26 . Hernandez hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
The right - hander struck out seven and walked one . Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI double by Jake Bauers and a run - scoring double by Daniel Robertson . Tampa Bay made it 3 - 0 in the second	True
Tampa Bay made it 3 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring double by Daniel Robertson and a run - scoring single by Jake Bauers . Adames made it 3 - 0 with a two - out RBI single in the second	True
Adames made it 3 - 0 with a two - out RBI single in the second . Tampa Bay went ahead 3 - 0 in the second	True
Tampa Bay went ahead 3 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring double by Daniel Robertson and a run - scoring double by Daniel Robertson . Adames made it 3 - 0 with a two - out RBI single in the second	True
Adames made it 3 - 0 with a two - out RBI single in the second . Tampa Bay went ahead 3 - 0 in the second	True
Tampa Bay went ahead 3 - 0 in the second on a run - scoring double by Daniel Robertson and a run - scoring double by Daniel Robertson . Adames hit a two - out RBI single in the second	True
The White Sox have lost four of five . Barreto , who had been mired in a 1 - for - 18 slump , hit a three - run homer in the eighth	True
Barreto , who had been mired in a 1 - for - 18 slump , hit a three - run homer in the eighth . He also had a three - run shot off Josh Lucas in the eighth	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
It was Margot 's second RBI of the game . Gorkys Hernandez doubled leading off the first	True
Margot 's RBI double in the sixth tied the score at 1 - all . The Giants tied it in the second	True
The right - hander struck out nine and did not walk a batter for the first time this season . Nelson Cruz hit a solo homer in the seventh	True
He struck out five and walked one . Aaron Hicks hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
It was the first home run by a Yankees player this season , according to ESPN Stats & Info . Stanton homered off Nick Rumbelow in the eighth	True
It was the first time this season the Yankees hit back - to - back homers . Torres hit a two - run shot off Nick Cole in the fifth	True
It was the first time this season the Yankees hit back - to - back homers . Torres hit a two - run shot off Nick Cole in the fifth to make it 5 - 1 , and Andujar connected in the fifth	True
Torres hit a two - run shot off Nick Cole in the fifth to make it 5 - 1 , and Andujar connected in the fifth . It was Andujar 's fourth	False
Torres hit a two - run shot off Nick Cole in the fifth to make it 5 - 1 , and Andujar connected in the fifth . It was Andujar 's fourth of the season and second	False
It was the first time this season the Yankees hit back - to - back homers . Stanton hit a solo shot off Nick Rumbelow in the eighth	True
He struck out seven and walked none . Corey Knebel pitched the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Jesus Aguilar hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Starling Marte added a solo shot in the eighth	True
Jesus Aguilar hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Starling Marte added a solo shot in the eighth off Jeremy Jeffress to pull the Pirates to 3 - 2 . Jordy Mercer hit an RBI double off Jeremy Jeffress in the seventh	True
Jordy Mercer 's RBI double in the seventh made it 3 - 1 , but the Pirates could n't hold the lead . Aguilar hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Jordy Mercer 's RBI double in the seventh made it 3 - 1 , but the Pirates could n't hold the lead . Aguilar hit a two - run homer in the first and Aguilar added a run - scoring double in the third	False
Aguilar hit a two - run homer in the first and Aguilar added a run - scoring double in the third . Milwaukee scored three times in the seventh	True
Milwaukee scored three times in the seventh to take a 3 - 0 lead . Lorenzo Cain led off with a single , stole second	False
Lorenzo Cain led off with a single , stole second and scored on Aguilar 's double . Aguilar hit a two - run homer in the first	True
Aguilar hit a two - run homer in the first , his 19th of the season . The Brewers added a run in the seventh	True
The Astros trailed 4 - 0 in the fourth inning before rallying for a 5 - 4 win over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Collin McHugh ( 2 - 0 ) pitched a perfect ninth	True
Ramos hit a two - run homer in the first inning to give the Rays a 2 - 0 lead . It was Ramos ' 21st of the season and second	False
CHICAGO -- Nicholas Castellanos hit a two - run homer off James Shields in the first inning , and the Detroit Tigers beat the Chicago White Sox 3 - 1 on Tuesday night . Nicholas Castellanos hit a two - run homer in the first inning and Matt Davidson added a solo shot in the second	True
The White Sox have lost five of six and are 1 1/2 games behind first - place Detroit in the AL Central . Joe Jimenez struck out the side in the ninth	True
The A 's took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on an RBI single by Trout and a run - scoring single by Jose_Miguel Fernandez . The Angels added two more runs in the third	True
The Angels added two more runs in the third on RBI singles by Josh Phegley and Jose_Miguel Briceno , who had three hits . Trout had a sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
The Angels added two more runs in the third on RBI singles by Josh Phegley and Jose_Miguel Briceno , who had three hits . Trout had a sacrifice fly in the fifth and a sacrifice fly in the fifth	True
Trout had a sacrifice fly in the fifth and a sacrifice fly in the fifth . The A 's scored three runs in the fifth	True
Jed Lowrie had three hits for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Oakland scored twice in the fifth	True
Trevor Richards ( 1 - 3 ) allowed one run and two hits in six innings to earn his first major league win . Kyle Barraclough pitched the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out three . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Starlin Castro 's RBI single in the third tied the game at 1 . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Starlin Castro 's RBI single in the third tied the game at 1 . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brian Anderson singled , stole second	False
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brian Anderson singled , stole second and scored on a single by JT Riddle . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Brian Anderson singled , stole second and scored on a single by JT Riddle . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Derek Dietrich doubled , took third	False
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Derek Dietrich doubled , took third on a groundout and scored on a groundout by Starlin Castro . Miami went ahead 3 - 1 in the third	True
He struck out three , walked three and hit a batter . Miami 's Hunter Pence extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first	True
The right - hander is 5 - 0 with a 1.91 ERA in his last five starts . The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Xander Bogaerts led off with a walk and scored on a single by Christian Vazquez . Devers hit a two - run homer in the second	True
The Red Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Xander Bogaerts led off with a walk and scored on a single by Christian Vazquez . Devers hit a two - run homer in the second , and Benintendi hit a solo shot in the third	True
Devers hit a two - run homer in the second , and Benintendi hit a solo shot in the third . Rickard led off the third	True
He walked four and struck out two . Baltimore went up 2 - 1 in the second inning when Devers hit a two - run homer and Benintendi made it 3 - 1 with a solo shot in the third	True
He struck out four , walked two and hit a batter . Baltimore went up 2 - 1 in the second inning when Devers hit a two - run homer , his third	False
Baltimore went up 2 - 1 in the second inning when Devers hit a two - run homer , his third of the season . The Red Sox took a 4 - 2 lead in the fourth	True
Lamb hit a three - run homer in the seventh inning and the Diamondbacks rallied for a 9 - 5 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night . Lamb hit a three - run homer off Edgar Crick ( 0 - 1 ) in the bottom of the eighth	True
Daniel Descalso added a two - run triple and Nick Ahmed had an RBI single for the Diamondbacks . Archie Bradley ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth	True
Archie Bradley ( 2 - 1 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the win . Dovydas Neverauskas ( 0 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing two runs on one hit and a walk in one - third	True
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Austin Meadows ' two - run double and David Freese 's run - scoring single . Austin Meadows hit a two - run double and Starling Marte added a two - run single in the fifth	True
The Pirates took a 1 - 0 lead in the first inning on Austin Meadows ' two - run double and a two - run double by Austin Meadows . The Pirates broke the game open with a four - run fifth	True
He struck out 10 and did not walk a batter . Edwin Diaz pitched the ninth	True
He struck out 10 and walked none . Kyle Seager hit a two - run homer off James Pazos in the sixth	True
Kyle Seager hit a two - run homer off James Pazos in the sixth to give the Rays a 2 - 1 lead . The Rays tied it at 1 in the third	True
The Rays tied it at 1 in the third on a run - scoring double by Mallex Smith and a run - scoring double by Jake Bauers . Cron tied it at 3 in the sixth	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He struck out three and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Joey Wendle singled , stole second	False
The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Joey Wendle singled , stole second and scored on a double by Jake Bauers . Cron tied it at 3 in the sixth	True
Cron tied it at 3 in the sixth with his seventh homer , a two - run shot off James Pazos . Zunino hit a two - run homer off James Pazos in the sixth	True
He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Leonys Martin hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
He struck out eight and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Leonys Martin hit a solo homer in the sixth , and Yan Gomes hit a two - run homer in the eighth	False
He struck out four and walked one . The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Indians took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Lindor and a run - scoring double by Yonder Alonso . Cabrera 's sacrifice fly in the fourth made it 3 - 1 , and Gonzalez added an RBI single in the eighth	False
Lonnie Chisenhall led off with a double and scored on Gonzalez 's sacrifice fly . Gonzalez added a run - scoring single in the eighth	True
Crawford had four hits , including a two - run homer , and Derek Holland pitched five scoreless innings to lead the Giants to a 2 - 0 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . Crawford had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Crawford had four hits , including a two - run homer , and Derek Holland pitched five scoreless innings to lead the Giants to a 2 - 0 victory over the Washington Nationals on Tuesday night . Crawford had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth , and a two - run shot in the fourth	True
Crawford had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth , and a two - run shot in the fourth . Crawford had a career - high four hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Crawford had a career - high four hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth off Max Scherzer ( 10 - 2 ) . Crawford had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth	False
Holland ( 4 - 6 ) allowed three hits , walked two and struck out four . Hunter Strickland pitched a perfect ninth	True
He struck out nine and walked three . Crawford hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He struck out nine and walked three . Crawford had four hits , including a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He struck out nine and walked three . Crawford hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
He struck out nine and walked three . Crawford hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Brandon Crawford hit a game - ending RBI single with two outs and the bases loaded , and the Giants beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Andrew McCutchen led off the 10th	True
Brandon Crawford hit a game - ending RBI single with two outs and the bases loaded , and the Giants beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Andrew McCutchen led off the 10th with a single off Andrew Chafin ( 0 - 2 ) and advanced to second	False
Crawford then lined a 1 - 1 pitch to left - center to score McCutchen . Hunter Strickland ( 3 - 2 ) struck out two in a scoreless 10th	True
He struck out three and walked two . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
Goldschmidt 's RBI double in the fifth gave the Giants a 2 - 1 lead . Arizona tied it at 2 in the third	True
Arizona tied it at 2 in the third on a two - run double by McCutchen and a two - run double by Goldschmidt . Arizona tied it at 2 in the third	False
Arizona tied it at 2 in the third on a two - run homer by Sandoval . Arizona tied it at 2 in the fifth	True
Arizona tied it at 2 in the fifth on a two - out , two - run double by McCutchen . The Giants took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
ARLINGTON , Texas -- Jurickson Profar had a career - high five RBIs , and Bartolo Colon pitched five innings to help the Texas Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 8 - 2 on Tuesday night . Profar had a two - run single in the seventh inning and a two - run single in the seventh	True
Profar had a two - run single in the seventh inning and a two - run single in the seventh . Profar had a two - run single in the seventh	True
Profar had a two - run single in the seventh inning and a two - run single in the seventh . Profar had a two - run single in the seventh , a two - run single in the seventh	True
Profar had a two - run single in the seventh inning and a two - run single in the seventh . Profar had a two - run single in the seventh , a two - run single in the seventh and a two - run single in the seventh	False
Profar had a two - run single in the seventh , a two - run single in the seventh and a two - run single in the seventh . Profar had a two - run single in the seventh	False
Profar had a two - run single in the seventh , a two - run single in the seventh and a two - run single in the seventh . Profar had a two - run single in the seventh , a two - run single in the seventh	False
Profar had a two - run single in the seventh , a two - run single in the seventh and a two - run single in the seventh . Profar had a two - run single in the seventh , a two - run single in the seventh and a two - run single in the seventh	False
Profar had a two - run single in the seventh , a two - run single in the seventh and a two - run single in the seventh . Profar had a two - run single in the seventh	False
Profar had a two - run single in the seventh , a two - run single in the seventh and a two - run single in the seventh . Profar had a two - run single in the seventh , a two - run single in the seventh	False
Profar had a two - run single in the seventh , a two - run single in the seventh and a two - run single in the seventh . Profar had a two - run single in the seventh , a two - run single in the seventh and a two - run single in the seventh	False
Daniel Mengden ( 6 - 5 ) gave up six runs and five hits in four innings for the A 's , who have lost four of five . Khris Davis hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
The right - hander struck out a season - high 13 and did n't walk a batter for the second time this season . Sean Doolittle pitched a perfect ninth	True
Rays manager Kevin Cash was ejected in the second inning by plate umpire Angel Campos for arguing a called third strike . Tampa Bay took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
Wilmer Difo hit an RBI triple and scored on Eovaldi 's wild pitch to make it 4 - 0 . In the fourth	True
In the fourth , Wilmer Difo tripled and scored on a wild pitch by Eovaldi to make it 4 - 0 . In the bottom half , Juan Soto walked , stole second	False
He struck out seven and walked one . Brad Brach worked the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked one . The Mets took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Baltimore went ahead in the bottom half when Trey Mancini led off with a double and scored on Danny Valencia 's sacrifice fly . Baltimore went ahead 2 - 0 in the first	True
Baltimore went ahead 2 - 0 in the first on Adam Jones ' two - out double and a sacrifice fly by Jose Bautista . Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
In the bottom half , Baltimore loaded the bases with one out , but Cobb got Asdrubal Cabrera to ground into an inning - ending double play . Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Danny Valencia and a run - scoring single by Machado . Baltimore loaded the bases with one out in the fifth	True
Baltimore loaded the bases with one out in the fifth , but Cobb struck out Chris Davis and got Adrian Gonzalez to ground into a double play . Baltimore went ahead 2 - 0 in the first	True
Mitch Haniger led off the 13th inning with a home run , and the Mariners rallied for a 4 - 3 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays on Tuesday night . Mitch Haniger led off the bottom of the 13th	True
He struck out eight and did not walk a batter . Carlos Gomez hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
He struck out three and did not walk a batter . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the third when Ben Gamel led off with a double and scored on a two - out single by Nelson Cruz . Seattle added three runs in the fourth	True
Ryon Healy hit an RBI single and David Freitas drove in a run with a groundout . Johnny Field homered in the fifth	True
Johnny Field homered in the fifth to cut the deficit to 3 - 2 . Field tied it at 3 in the fifth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . Fernando Rodney pitched a perfect ninth	True
Escobar led off with a double and scored on Michael Brantley 's sacrifice fly . Encarnacion hit a two - run homer in the sixth	True
Encarnacion hit a two - run homer in the sixth to give the Twins a 6 - 2 lead . Eddie Rosario added an RBI single in the fourth	True
Eddie Rosario added an RBI single in the fourth to make it 4 - 2 . Miguel Sano 's RBI double made it 6 - 2 in the fourth	True
Baez hit a three - run homer , Jameson Taillon pitched effectively into the seventh inning and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Chicago Cubs 5 - 4 on Tuesday night . Baez hit a three - run shot off Lester in the fourth inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth	True
Baez hit a three - run shot off Lester in the fourth inning and added a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Pirates a 3 - 0 lead . Baez hit a three - run shot in the fourth	True
Baez hit a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Pirates a 3 - 0 lead . Baez hit a three - run shot in the fourth	False
Baez hit a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Pirates a 3 - 0 lead . Baez hit a three - run shot in the fourth	False
It was the first home run allowed by Lester this season . Baez hit a three - run shot in the fourth	True
Baez hit a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Pirates a 3 - 0 lead . Baez hit a three - run shot in the fourth	False
Baez hit a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Pirates a 3 - 0 lead . Baez hit a three - run shot in the fourth	False
Baez hit a three - run shot in the fourth to give the Pirates a 3 - 0 lead . It was the first homer allowed by Lester ( 12 - 4 ) this season and the second	False
It was the first homer allowed by Lester ( 12 - 4 ) this season and the second of his career . Baez hit a three - run shot in the fourth	True
He was 1 for 2 with a pair of walks and scored a run for the Nationals , who have lost four of five . Washington went ahead 1 - 0 in the second	True
Washington went ahead 1 - 0 in the second when Brian Anderson led off with a single and scored on Prado 's two - out double . Prado hit an RBI double in the third	True
He struck out four and walked none . The Nationals took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
He allowed six hits and four runs with a season - high 11 strikeouts and no walks . The Rangers took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
Alex Bregman 's sacrifice fly made it 4 - 2 . Keone Kela pitched the ninth	True
Keone Kela pitched the ninth for his 24th save in 28 opportunities . The Rangers had a chance to take the lead in the ninth	True
The Rangers had a chance to take the lead in the ninth when they loaded the bases with one out , but Kela struck out Josh Reddick to end the inning . The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Astros took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a double by Delino DeShields and a run - scoring single by Ronald Guzman . Houston tied it at 1 in the fifth	True
He struck out five and did not walk a batter . Adam Frazier had three hits , including an RBI double in the seventh	True
Adam Frazier had three hits , including an RBI double in the seventh that made it 3 - 0 . Colin Moran had an RBI single in the eighth	False
The Phillies have lost four of five . Philadelphia 's Tommy Hunter ( 2 - 1 ) gave up Votto 's RBI single in the eighth	True
Wandy Peralta ( 2 - 2 ) pitched 1 1/3 scoreless innings for the win and Jared Hughes got the last five outs for his seventh save in nine chances . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
Hoskins hit a two - run homer in the fourth inning , giving the Reds a 2 - 1 lead . The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth	True
The Phillies took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth . Mason Williams led off with a single , stole second	False
The Marlins won for the sixth time in seven games . Realmuto 's RBI single off Kyle Barraclough tied the score in the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked four . The Nationals scored in the fourth	True
He struck out four and walked four . The Nationals scored in the fourth on a sacrifice fly by Yadiel Rivera , but the Nationals went ahead 1 - 0 in the fourth	True
He walked four and struck out four . Washington 's Daniel Murphy hit an RBI single in the ninth	True
Murphy 's RBI single in the ninth tied the game 1 - all . Realmuto 's RBI single off Kyle Barraclough tied the score in the ninth	True
Realmuto 's RBI single off Kyle Barraclough tied the score in the ninth . Bryce Harper was hit by a pitch with the bases loaded in the ninth	True
The Orioles have lost six of seven . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the fourth	True
Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the fourth when Tim Beckham drew a two - out walk and scored on a single by Ji-Man Choi . Schoop hit a two - run homer in the fifth	True
Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the fourth when Tim Beckham drew a two - out walk and scored on a single by Ji-Man Choi . Schoop hit a two - run homer in the fifth , and Davis added a solo shot in the eighth	False
It was the second time this season the Rays have hit back - to - back home runs . Baltimore went up 1 - 0 in the fourth	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Rangers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Rangers took a 2 - 0 lead in the first on an RBI single by Khris Davis and a run - scoring single by Nick Martini . Chapman led off the second	True
Chapman led off the second with his 19th homer of the season , a drive into the right - field seats . Chapman led off the second	True
He struck out four and walked two . The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Mets took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on a two - out , two - run single by Amed Rosario and a two - run homer by Austin Hedges . Austin Hedges hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
NEW YORK -- Brandon Nimmo 's first career pinch - hit home run with two outs in the 10th inning lifted the New York Mets to a 3 - 0 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night . Nimmo 's homer with two outs in the 10th	True
Nimmo 's homer with two outs in the 10th off Mark Leiter Jr. ( 0 - 1 ) was his first career pinch - hit homer and the Mets ' first game - ending hit of the season . Jose Reyes drew a one - out walk in the 10th	True
The Mets have won five of six and have won six of their last seven games . Amed Rosario drew a one - out walk in the 10th	True
The Mets have won five of six and have won six of their last seven games . Amed Rosario drew a one - out walk in the 10th against Mark Leiter Jr. ( 0 - 1 ) and advanced to second	True
Betances ( 1 - 3 ) took the loss , allowing a run and two hits in two - thirds of an inning . New York 's Manny Machado hit two home runs , including a two - run shot in the seventh	True
New York 's Manny Machado hit two home runs , including a two - run shot in the seventh that gave the Yankees a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Machado , who hit a two - run shot in the seventh	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Machado , who hit a two - run shot in the seventh to give the Yankees a 5 - 3 lead . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Machado , who hit a two - run shot in the seventh inning and a two - run homer in the seventh	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Machado , who hit a two - run shot in the seventh inning and a two - run homer in the seventh . It was the first multihomer game of the season for Machado , who hit a two - run shot in the ninth	True
It was the first multihomer game of the season for Machado , who hit a two - run shot in the ninth off Miguel Green . Zach Britton ( 1 - 0 ) pitched a scoreless ninth	True
The right - hander struck out five and walked two . Baltimore took a 2 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Charlie Blackmon hit a solo home run in the first inning for the Rockies , who have lost five of six . Colorado took a 3 - 1 lead in the bottom of the first	True
Story 's two - run homer in the sixth gave the Mariners a 6 - 4 lead . It was Story 's 14th home run of the season and second	False
It was Story 's 14th home run of the season and second in two games . The Rockies took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
CHICAGO -- David Bote 's bases - loaded walk in the 10th inning helped the Chicago Cubs rally for a 6 - 5 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday night . David Bote drew a one - out walk from Jackson Stephens ( 2 - 2 ) in the 10th	True
He struck out three and walked two . The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Reds took a 2 - 0 lead in the second on a two - run double by Addison Russell and a two - run single by Jose Peraza . The Reds tied it in the third	True
The Reds tied it in the third on a two - run double by Javier Baez and a run - scoring single by Jose Peraza . The Reds tied it in the fourth	True
The Reds tied it in the fourth on a two - run homer by Eugenio Suarez and a run - scoring single by Jose Peraza . Suarez hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Suarez hit a two - run homer in the fourth to give the Reds a 2 - 0 lead . The Reds tied it in the third	True
Yuli Gurriel hit a grand slam , Alex Bregman and Avisail Garcia each hit a solo home run and the Astros beat the Chicago White Sox 12 - 6 on Tuesday night . Gurriel hit a three - run homer in the third inning and added a run - scoring single in the seventh	True
Gurriel hit a three - run homer in the third inning and added a run - scoring single in the seventh to extend his hitting streak to a career - high 12 games . He also had a run - scoring single in the eighth	True
He struck out nine and walked two . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Max Stassi . Avisail Garcia hit a solo homer in the eighth	True
The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on an RBI double by Max Stassi . Avisail Garcia hit a solo homer in the eighth and Marwin Gonzalez added an RBI single in the seventh	False
Avisail Garcia hit a solo homer in the eighth and Marwin Gonzalez added an RBI single in the seventh to push the lead to 9 - 5 . The White Sox scored four runs in the sixth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Diamondbacks took a 1 - 0 lead in the third on a fielder 's choice by Carlos Asuaje and A. J. Pollock 's run - scoring groundout . Arizona tied it at 1 in the sixth	True
He struck out five and walked one . The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth	True
The Diamondbacks took a 2 - 1 lead in the sixth when Nick Ahmed doubled and scored on a throwing error by third baseman Austin Hedges . Arizona added a run in the eighth	True
Arizona added a run in the eighth when Nick Ahmed doubled and scored on a throwing error by third baseman John Murphy . Brad Boxberger pitched a perfect ninth	True
San Diego 's Paul Goldschmidt extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the first inning . He was replaced by pinch - runner Jorge De La Rosa , who was hit by a pitch to start the sixth	True
WASHINGTON -- Xander Bogaerts and J. D. Martinez hit three - run homers , and the Boston Red Sox beat the Washington Nationals 11 - 4 on Tuesday night . Bogaerts hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the fifth	True
Bogaerts hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the fifth to give the Red Sox a 9 - 2 lead . Martinez hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
Bogaerts hit a three - run homer in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the fifth to give the Red Sox a 9 - 2 lead . Martinez hit a two - run homer in the ninth off William Cuevas , and Martinez hit a two - run shot in the ninth	False
He struck out four and walked two . Martinez hit a two - run homer in the ninth	True
He struck out four and walked two . Martinez hit a two - run homer in the ninth off William Cuevas , his first	False
Martinez hit a two - run homer in the ninth off William Cuevas , his first of the season . Martinez hit a two - run homer in the ninth	False
Martinez hit a two - run homer in the ninth off William Cuevas , his first of the season . Martinez hit a two - run homer in the ninth , and Brian Goodwin hit a solo shot in the ninth	False
He struck out four and walked two . Washington scored three runs in the fourth	True
Bogaerts hit a three - run homer off Heath Hembree to give the Red Sox a 9 - 2 lead . Martinez hit a two - run homer off Heath Hembree in the ninth	True
The Mets have lost six of seven . Garcia hit a leadoff double in the eighth	True
Garcia hit a leadoff double in the eighth and scored on Chris Shaw 's sacrifice fly . Garcia hit a two - out RBI single in the eighth	True
Garcia hit a two - out RBI single in the eighth and Garcia added a run - scoring single . Garcia hit a two - out RBI single in the eighth	False
Garcia hit a two - out RBI single in the eighth and Garcia added a run - scoring single . Garcia hit a two - out RBI single in the eighth	False
Jefry Rodriguez ( 2 - 1 ) pitched two - hit ball for six innings and Anthony Rendon had three hits for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Reynolds hit a three - run homer off Corey Oswalt in the ninth	True
Jefry Rodriguez ( 2 - 1 ) pitched two - hit ball for six innings and Anthony Rendon had three hits for the Nationals , who have won four of five . Reynolds hit a three - run homer off Corey Oswalt in the ninth , and Wilmer Difo added a two - run shot in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked one . The Mets scored three times in the eighth	True
Difo hit a two - run homer and Reynolds hit a three - run shot off Corey Oswalt to make it 7 - 0 . Eaton had a career - high four hits , including a two - run homer off Corey Oswalt in the ninth	True
Eaton had a career - high four hits , including a two - run homer off Corey Oswalt in the ninth . He also singled and scored in the eighth	True
Eaton had a career - high four hits , including a two - run homer off Corey Oswalt in the ninth . He also singled and scored in the eighth , and Harper added a three - run double in the eighth	False
He struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the third time in his last four starts . Jace Fry got the final two outs in the ninth	True
He struck out four and did n't walk a batter for the first time this season . The White Sox took a 4 - 0 lead in the third	True
The White Sox took a 4 - 0 lead in the third on Avisail Garcia 's two - run single and Yoan Moncada 's RBI triple . Victor Martinez 's RBI double made it 5 - 1 in the sixth	True
Victor Martinez 's RBI double made it 5 - 1 in the sixth , and Daniel Palka followed with a two - run homer to make it 4 - 0 . Palka hit a two - run homer in the third	True
Palka hit a two - run homer in the third to give the White Sox a 4 - 0 lead . The White Sox added two more in the seventh	True
The Angels took a 2 - 0 lead in the first inning on a two - run homer by Shohei Ohtani and a run - scoring double by Yuli Gurriel . Marwin Gonzalez hit a two - out , two - run homer in the fourth	True
It was the first time this season the Astros have hit back - to - back home runs . Ohtani hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
The right - hander struck out six and walked one . Ronny Castellanos hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
The right - hander struck out six and walked one . Ronny Castellanos hit a solo homer in the sixth , and Jose Rondon hit a two - run homer in the eighth	False
He struck out five and walked one . Ronny Castellanos hit a solo homer in the sixth	True
He struck out five and walked one . Ronny Castellanos hit a solo homer in the sixth , and Mikie Mahtook added a solo shot in the sixth	True
Ronny Castellanos hit a solo homer in the sixth , and Mikie Mahtook added a solo shot in the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . Ronny Castellanos hit a solo homer in the sixth	False
Ronny Castellanos hit a solo homer in the sixth , and Mikie Mahtook added a solo shot in the sixth to make it 5 - 0 . Ronny Castellanos hit a solo homer in the sixth , and Jim Adduci hit a two - run double in the seventh	True
Ronny Castellanos hit a solo homer in the sixth , and Jim Adduci hit a two - run double in the seventh to make it 7 - 0 . Ronny Castellanos hit a solo homer in the sixth	False
He struck out seven and walked one . Roberto Osuna pitched a perfect ninth	True
Maldonado 's RBI single made it 3 - 0 , and Maldonado followed with a run - scoring single . Cruz homered in the fifth	True
Cedric Mullins and Aledmys Diaz homered for the Orioles , who have lost three of four . McKinney hit a two - run single in the fourth	True
Cedric Mullins and Aledmys Diaz homered for the Orioles , who have lost three of four . McKinney hit a two - run single in the fourth and Aledmys Diaz hit a solo homer in the fifth	True
He walked none and struck out three . Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
Baltimore took a 1 - 0 lead in the first when Curtis Granderson doubled and scored on a single by Luke Maile . The Blue Jays tied it in the second	True
The Blue Jays tied it in the second on a two - out RBI single by Caleb Joseph . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Morales ' RBI single and Luke Maile 's RBI grounder . The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	False
The Blue Jays took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a two - out RBI single by Caleb Joseph , but the Blue Jays answered with three runs in the bottom half . McKinney hit a two - out homer , his first	False
Joe Mauer and Miguel Sano hit back - to - back home runs off Tyler Duffey ( 1 - 2 ) in the third inning to give the Tigers a 6 - 3 lead . Mahtook was hit by a pitch from Tyler Stewart with the bases loaded in the eighth	True
Mahtook was hit by a pitch from Tyler Stewart with the bases loaded in the eighth to make it 7 - 5 . Mitch Garver added a two - run homer in the eighth	False
He walked four and struck out two . The Tigers took a 3 - 2 lead in the third	True
Austin Forsythe grounded out with the bases loaded to end the inning . The Tigers took a 3 - 2 lead in the third	True
The Orioles have lost four of five . Baltimore 's Trey Mancini hit a two - out RBI single in the eighth	True
Baltimore 's Trey Mancini hit a two - out RBI single in the eighth off Miguel Castro . Cody Allen pitched the ninth	True
The Orioles have lost four of five . Ramirez hit a two - run homer in the first	True
He walked two and struck out two . The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Michael Smith hit a two - out , two - run homer to right - center . It was his third	False
The Yankees took a 1 - 0 lead in the second when Michael Smith hit a two - out , two - run homer to right - center . It was his third of the season and second	False
It was his third of the season and second in two days . The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second	True
The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ji-Man Choi 's RBI fielder 's choice . Kevin Kiermaier hit an RBI single in the third	True
The Rays took a 1 - 0 lead in the second on Ji-Man Choi 's RBI fielder 's choice . Kevin Kiermaier hit an RBI single in the third , and Ji-Man Choi hit a run - scoring fielder 's choice to make it 3 - 1 in the third	True
Kevin Kiermaier hit an RBI single in the third , and Ji-Man Choi hit a run - scoring fielder 's choice to make it 3 - 1 in the third . Smith 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 in the third	True
Kevin Kiermaier hit an RBI single in the third , and Ji-Man Choi hit a run - scoring fielder 's choice to make it 3 - 1 in the third . Smith 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 in the third , and Smith 's two - out RBI single made it 3 - 1 in the third	False
Smith 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 in the third , and Smith 's two - out RBI single made it 3 - 1 in the third . Smith had a two - out RBI single in the third	True
Smith 's RBI single made it 3 - 1 in the third , and Smith 's two - out RBI single made it 3 - 1 in the third . Smith had a two - out RBI single in the third , and Smith hit a two - run homer in the fourth	True
Seranthony Dominguez got the final four outs for his 13th save . Joe Kelly ( 4 - 1 ) took the loss , allowing one run and one hit in a 1 - 2 - 3 ninth	True
Seranthony Dominguez got the final four outs for his 13th save in 15 chances . The Phillies took a 3 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Phillies took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on Mitch Moreland 's three - run double . Mitch Hunter ( 4 - 2 ) got the final out in the seventh	True
Mitch Hunter ( 4 - 2 ) got the final out in the seventh for the win . Hector Neris got the final two outs in the eighth	False
Mitch Hunter ( 4 - 2 ) got the final out in the seventh for the win . Hector Neris got the final two outs in the eighth and Aaron Loup worked the eighth	True
He allowed three runs -- three earned -- on four hits with four walks and two strikeouts . The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the third	True
The Red Sox took a 3 - 0 lead in the third on Mitch Moreland 's three - run double and Odubel Herrera 's RBI groundout . Ramos had three hits , including a two - run double in the seventh	True
Ramos had three hits , including a two - run double in the seventh that made it 6 - 3 . Ramos had three hits , including a two - run double in the seventh	False
Ramos had three hits , including a two - run double in the seventh that made it 7 - 3 . Ramos had three hits , including a two - run double in the seventh	False
Ramos had three hits , including a two - run double in the seventh that made it 7 - 3 . Ramos had three hits , including a two - run double in the seventh	False
He walked two and struck out five . The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	True
The Braves took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Nick Markakis and a run - scoring double by Isaac Galloway . The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first	False
The Marlins took a 1 - 0 lead in the first on a run - scoring double by Johan Camargo and a sacrifice fly by Freddie Freeman . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	True
The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Acuna and a run - scoring double by Isaac Galloway . The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the second	False
The Marlins took a 2 - 1 lead in the second on a run - scoring double by Acuna and a run - scoring double by Charlie Culberson . Miami went ahead 2 - 1 in the second	True
The Royals have lost four of five . Martinez hit a two - run homer off Brian Flynn in the sixth	True
The Royals have lost four of five . Martinez hit a two - run homer off Brian Flynn in the sixth , and Martinez hit a two - run shot off Brian Flynn in the ninth	False
He struck out three , walked one and hit a batter . Wes Taylor hit a solo homer in the fourth	True
He struck out three and walked three . The Nationals took a 2 - 1 lead in the third	True
Anthony Rendon hit a sacrifice fly and Daniel Murphy added an RBI double . Washington added a run in the eighth	True
Washington added a run in the eighth on Dansby Swanson 's sacrifice fly . Ryan Zimmerman had an RBI single in the eighth	False
Washington added a run in the eighth on Dansby Swanson 's sacrifice fly . Ryan Zimmerman had an RBI single in the eighth , and Mark Reynolds added an RBI single in the eighth	False
Ryan Zimmerman had an RBI single in the eighth , and Mark Reynolds added an RBI single in the eighth to make it 6 - 2 . Mark Reynolds had an RBI double in the sixth	True
Ryan Zimmerman had an RBI single in the eighth , and Mark Reynolds added an RBI single in the eighth to make it 6 - 2 . Mark Reynolds had an RBI double in the sixth , and Ryan Zimmerman added an RBI single in the eighth	False
CLEVELAND -- Francisco Lindor 's first game - ending homer with two outs in the ninth inning gave the Cleveland Indians a 5 - 2 win over the Minnesota Twins on Tuesday night . Lindor hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth	True
Lindor hit a three - run homer with two outs in the ninth off Trevor Hildenberger ( 2 - 3 ) , who was making his major league debut . Lindor hit a three - run homer in the ninth	True
It was the second game - ending homer of the season for Lindor , who hit a two - run homer in the 10th inning of the Indians ' 5 - 4 win over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night . Lindor hit a three - run homer in the ninth	True
Lindor 's homer was his first since July 26 , 2011 , against the Chicago White Sox . Cleveland 's Miguel Sano homered off Cody Allen ( 4 - 4 ) with two outs in the ninth	True
Cleveland 's Miguel Sano homered off Cody Allen ( 4 - 4 ) with two outs in the ninth to tie the game 2 - 2 . Miguel Sano hit a solo homer in the ninth	True
Miguel Sano hit a solo homer in the ninth off Cody Allen ( 4 - 4 ) to tie the game 2 - 2 . Miguel Sano hit a solo homer off Cody Allen ( 4 - 4 ) with two outs in the ninth	True
He struck out seven and walked three . Stanton hit a three - run homer off Lucas Giolito ( 7 - 9 ) in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the second	True
Stanton hit a three - run homer off Lucas Giolito ( 7 - 9 ) in the second inning and added a three - run shot in the second . Stanton hit a three - run shot in the second inning and a three - run shot in the second	True
It was the first grand slam of the season for Stanton , who hit a three - run shot in the first inning of the White Sox 's 3 - 2 win over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night . Hicks homered off Omar Narvaez in the fifth	True
Jose Abreu and Whit Merrifield each hit a three - run homer for the White Sox , who have won four of five . Palka hit a three - run homer off Jason Adam Adam Adam Adam Avilan ( 0 - 3 ) in the eighth	True
It was the first pinch - hit homer of his career . The White Sox took a 3 - 2 lead in the ninth	True
He walked three and struck out a season - high nine . The White Sox took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
Kemp 's two - run double off Brad Boxberger ( 2 - 5 ) in the ninth gave the Dodgers a 3 - 2 lead . Daniel Descalso led off the ninth	True
Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 5 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Brad Boxberger ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and a hit and two walks in one - third	True
Brad Boxberger ( 2 - 5 ) took the loss , allowing two runs and a hit and two walks in one - third of an inning . Archie Bradley gave up a one - out single to Alex Verdugo in the ninth	True
Kemp followed with a two - run double into the left - field corner , giving the Dodgers a 3 - 2 lead . Archie Bradley came on and gave up a two - run homer to Max Muncy in the ninth	True
Dodgers starter Clay Buchholz gave up one run and four hits in five innings , struck out four and walked two . The Diamondbacks tied the game 1 - all in the seventh	True
Yelich hit a three - run homer off Tim Collins in the fifth inning to give the Nationals a 9 - 4 lead . Yelich hit a three - run homer off Tim Collins in the fifth	True
The Mets have won six of seven . Todd Frazier drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the 11th	True
The Mets have won six of seven . Todd Frazier drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the 11th , and Todd Frazier drove in the go - ahead run with a sacrifice fly in the 11th	False
Hunter Strickland ( 3 - 4 ) took the loss . Wilmer Flores led off the 11th	True
Jerry Blevins ( 2 - 2 ) pitched a scoreless inning for the win . Robert Gsellman pitched a perfect 11th	True
Evan Longoria and Tomas Nido each drove in a run for the Mets , who have won four of five . Longoria homered off Matz in the fourth inning and Tomas doubled in a run in the fifth	True
He struck out 11 and walked one . The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth	True
The Giants took a 1 - 0 lead in the fourth when Brandon Nimmo drew a leadoff walk and scored on Nido 's double to left - center . The Mets tied it in the fifth	True
