Peter Moylan ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Nick Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Nick Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the first . Austin Kearns hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Austin Kearns hit 1 RBI single in the first . Chipper Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Chipper Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Aaron Harang ( 1 - 4 ) allowed 3 runs , 7 hits and 3 walks in 6 innings . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Ryan Freel hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Ryan Freel hit 1 RBI single in the second . Aaron Miles hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Aaron Miles hit 1 RBI single in the third . Rick Ankiel hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Rick Ankiel hit 1 RBI single in the third . Aaron Miles hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	True
Aaron Miles hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Rick Ankiel hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Chad Billingsley ( 1 - 4 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 4 walks in 7 innings . Russell Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Russell Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Matt Kemp hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Matt Kemp hit 2 RBI single in the third . Jeff Kent hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Jeff Kent hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jeremy Hermida hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Jeremy Hermida hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . James Loney hit 3 RBI triple in the seventh	False
James Loney hit 3 RBI triple in the seventh . Blake DeWitt hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Blake DeWitt hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Blake DeWitt hit 3 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Jonathan Albaladejo ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jason Giambi hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Jason Giambi hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jason Giambi hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jason Giambi hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Jhonny Peralta hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Jhonny Peralta hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Hideki Matsui hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Hideki Matsui hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jack Cassel ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 7 hits and 0 walks in 5 innings . Lance Berkman hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Lance Berkman hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Ken Griffey hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Ken Griffey hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jack Cassel hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jack Cassel hit 1 RBI single in the second . Scott Hatteberg hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Scott Hatteberg hit 1 RBI double in the second . Paul Bako hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Paul Bako hit 1 RBI single in the second . Darin Erstad hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Darin Erstad hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Lance Berkman hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Anthony Reyes ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Troy Glaus hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Troy Glaus hit 2 RBI double in the first . Adam Kennedy hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Adam Kennedy hit 2 RBI single in the first . Ryan Doumit hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ryan Doumit hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jason Bay hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Jason Bay hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Doug Mientkiewicz hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Kyle McClellan ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Kyle Lohse hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Kyle Lohse hit 1 RBI single in the second . Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI double in the third . Corey Hart hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Corey Hart hit 1 RBI single in the third . Manny Parra hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Manny Parra hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Albert Pujols scored on wild pitch by Manny Parra in the fifth	True
Albert Pujols scored on wild pitch by Manny Parra in the fifth . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 3 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 3 RBI triple in the sixth . Aaron Miles hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Aaron Miles hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Cesar Izturis hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Cesar Izturis hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Gabe Kapler hit 1 RBI single in the 12th	False
Rafael Perez ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Casey Blake hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Casey Blake hit 2 RBI single in the second . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Casey Blake hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Luis Mendoza ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 7 runs , 5 hits and 3 walks in 3 innings . David Ortiz hit 4 RBI homer in the third	True
David Ortiz hit 4 RBI homer in the third . Jason Varitek hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Jason Varitek hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Jacoby Ellsbury hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	False
Jacoby Ellsbury hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Dustin Pedroia hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Dustin Pedroia hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Hank Blalock hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Hank Blalock hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . David Ortiz hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Mark Lowe ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Torii Hunter hit 3 RBI double in the first	True
Torii Hunter hit 3 RBI double in the first . Richie Sexson hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Richie Sexson hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Maicer Izturis hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Maicer Izturis hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Richie Sexson hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Aaron Heilman ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . David Wright hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
David Wright hit 1 RBI double in the first . David Wright hit 1 RBI triple in the third	True
David Wright hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Angel Pagan hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Angel Pagan hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Brian Schneider hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Brian Schneider hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Greg Dobbs hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Doug Slaten ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in innings . Conor Jackson hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Conor Jackson hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Randy Winn hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Randy Winn hit 2 RBI single in the second . Aaron Rowand hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Aaron Rowand hit 1 RBI double in the second . Conor Jackson hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Conor Jackson hit 1 RBI single in the third . Justin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Francisco Liriano ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 5 walks in 4 2/3 innings . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI single in the first . Billy Butler hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Billy Butler hit 1 RBI single in the first . Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI double in the second . Esteban German hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Esteban German hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Joey Devine ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . Daric Barton hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Daric Barton hit 2 RBI single in the third . Emil Brown hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Emil Brown hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Bobby Crosby hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jesse Crain ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the second . Carlos Gomez hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Carlos Gomez hit 2 RBI double in the second . Matt Tolbert hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Matt Tolbert hit 1 RBI single in the second . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Mark Lowe ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Eric Hinske hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Eric Hinske hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Mike DiFelice hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Mike DiFelice hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Melvin Upton hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Melvin Upton hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Mike DiFelice hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Scott Baker ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 5 innings . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jason Kubel hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jason Kubel hit 1 RBI single in the third . Mike Lamb hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Mike Lamb hit 1 RBI single in the third . Carlos Gomez hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Carlos Gomez hit 2 RBI double in the third . Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Joe Crede hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Joe Crede hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Jason Kubel hit 4 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jason Kubel hit 4 RBI homer in the sixth . Mike Lamb hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Mike Lamb hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Pablo Ozuna hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jake Westbrook ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 7 hits and 0 walks in 9 innings . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Vladimir Guerrero hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Vladimir Guerrero hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Travis Hafner hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Andrew Miller ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 6 runs , 8 hits and 1 walks in 3 1/3 innings . Hanley Ramirez scored on field error by Lastings Milledge in the first	True
Hanley Ramirez scored on field error by Lastings Milledge in the first . Lastings Milledge hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Lastings Milledge hit 1 RBI double in the first . Felipe Lopez hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Felipe Lopez hit 1 RBI single in the second . Alfredo Amezaga hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Alfredo Amezaga hit 2 RBI double in the third . Hanley Ramirez hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Hanley Ramirez hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Cristian Guzman hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Cristian Guzman hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Lastings Milledge hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Lastings Milledge hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Robert Andino hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Eric O'Flaherty ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Ichiro Suzuki hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Ichiro Suzuki hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Brian Roberts hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Brian Roberts hit 1 RBI double in the third . Melvin Mora hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Melvin Mora hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Brian Roberts hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Brian Roberts hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Aubrey Huff hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Ramon Ramirez ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Billy Butler hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Billy Butler hit 1 RBI single in the first . Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the first . John Buck hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
John Buck hit 1 RBI single in the second . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Darren O'Day ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Vladimir Guerrero hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Vladimir Guerrero hit 1 RBI double in the first . Garret Anderson hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Garret Anderson hit 1 RBI double in the first . Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Vladimir Guerrero hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Vladimir Guerrero hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Adam Everett hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Adam Everett hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Garret Anderson hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Garret Anderson hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Casey Kotchman hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Casey Kotchman hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Vladimir Guerrero hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Vladimir Guerrero hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Maicer Izturis hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Scott Olsen ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Luis Castillo hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Luis Castillo hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Mike Rabelo hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Mike Rabelo hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Cody Ross hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Cody Ross hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Cody Ross hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Cody Ross hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Endy Chavez hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Endy Chavez hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Alfredo Amezaga hit 1 RBI homer in the 12th	False
Alfredo Amezaga hit 1 RBI homer in the 12th . Fernando Tatis hit 2 RBI double in the 12th	True
Gavin Floyd ( 5 - 3 ) allowed 5 runs , 8 hits and 0 walks in 6 innings . Grady Sizemore scored on field error by Gavin Floyd in the first	True
Grady Sizemore scored on field error by Gavin Floyd in the first . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jermaine Dye hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jermaine Dye hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . David Dellucci hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
David Dellucci hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Jhonny Peralta hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Carlos Quentin hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Edwar Ramirez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Jason Giambi hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Jason Giambi hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Johnny Damon hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
Johnny Damon hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Kevin Millar hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Kevin Millar hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Ramon Hernandez hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Ramon Hernandez hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Adam Jones scored on field error by Alex Rodriguez in the second	True
Adam Jones scored on field error by Alex Rodriguez in the second . Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Bobby Abreu hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Bobby Abreu hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Melvin Mora hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Melvin Mora hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Luke Scott hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Luke Scott hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Kevin Millar hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Kevin Millar hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Hideki Matsui hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Hideki Matsui hit 1 RBI single in the 11th . Aubrey Huff hit 1 RBI double in the 11th	False
Aubrey Huff hit 1 RBI double in the 11th . Alex Cintron hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	False
Ricky Nolasco ( 4 - 3 ) allowed 3 runs , 9 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Mike Jacobs hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Mike Jacobs hit 1 RBI double in the first . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI double in the first . Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Luis Gonzalez hit 3 RBI double in the third	True
Luis Gonzalez hit 3 RBI double in the third . Matt Treanor hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Matt Treanor hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jeremy Hermida hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
George Sherrill ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Carl Crawford hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Doug Slaten ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Chris Snyder hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Chris Snyder hit 2 RBI double in the first . Eric Byrnes hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Eric Byrnes hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the second . Chris Young hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Chris Young hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Conor Jackson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Conor Jackson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Chris Young hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Chris Young hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Manny Parra ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 5 2/3 innings . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Mike Cameron hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Mike Cameron hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Bill Hall hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Bill Hall hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Jason Kendall hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jason Kendall hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Corey Hart hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Corey Hart hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Jason Bay hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Francisco Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 3 walks in 1 innings . Brad Wilkerson hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Brad Wilkerson hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Casey Kotchman hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Rafael Perez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 2/3 innings . Casey Blake hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Casey Blake hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Ken Griffey hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Ken Griffey hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Michael Aubrey hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Michael Aubrey hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Joey Votto hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Joey Votto hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Freddy Dolsi ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in innings . Chris Young hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	True
Chris Young hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Chris Burke hit a RBI double in the sixth	True
Chad Gaudin ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Bobby Crosby hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Bobby Crosby hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Brian McCann hit 1 RBI double in the first . Yunel Escobar hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Yunel Escobar hit 2 RBI single in the second . Jack Hannahan hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Jack Hannahan hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Omar Infante hit 2 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Huston Street ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jack Cust hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jack Cust hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Ryan Sweeney hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
Ryan Sweeney hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI triple in the ninth	False
Dave Bush ( 1 - 4 ) allowed 5 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Mike Lowell hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Mike Lowell hit 2 RBI double in the first . Mike Lowell hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Mike Lowell hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Jacoby Ellsbury scored on field error by Bill Hall in the fifth	True
Jacoby Ellsbury scored on field error by Bill Hall in the fifth . Corey Hart hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Corey Hart hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Craig Counsell hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Craig Counsell hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Kevin Youkilis hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Alberto Arias ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Orlando Hudson hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Orlando Hudson hit 1 RBI single in the first . Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Chris Snyder hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Chris Snyder hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Chris Iannetta hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Chris Iannetta hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Orlando Hudson hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Orlando Hudson hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Justin Upton hit 2 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Justin Upton hit 2 RBI triple in the eighth . Scott Podsednik hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Chuck James ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 5 runs , 6 hits and 5 walks in 4 innings . Pedro Feliz hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Pedro Feliz hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Pedro Feliz hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Pedro Feliz hit 1 RBI single in the third . Shane Victorino hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Aquilino Lopez ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Billy Butler hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Billy Butler hit 2 RBI double in the first . Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI double in the first . Joey Gathright hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Joey Gathright hit 1 RBI single in the second . Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Mark Teahen hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Mark Teahen hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Matt Joyce hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Matt Joyce hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Magglio Ordonez hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Magglio Ordonez hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Justin Germano ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Alfonso Soriano hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Alfonso Soriano hit 2 RBI single in the second . Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI single in the third . Tadahito Iguchi hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Tadahito Iguchi hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Scott Hairston scored on wild pitch by Ted Lilly in the fifth	True
Scott Hairston scored on wild pitch by Ted Lilly in the fifth . Geovany Soto hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Geovany Soto hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Reed Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Reed Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Tadahito Iguchi hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jesse Carlson ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Matt Stairs hit 4 RBI homer in the first	True
Matt Stairs hit 4 RBI homer in the first . Justin Morneau hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Justin Morneau hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Jason Kubel hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Jason Kubel hit 1 RBI double in the first . Brad Wilkerson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Brad Wilkerson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jason Kubel hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Joba Chamberlain ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Dioner Navarro hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Justin Germano ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 2 1/3 innings . Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI double in the first . Tadahito Iguchi hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Tadahito Iguchi hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jody Gerut hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Jody Gerut hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Alfonso Soriano hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Alfonso Soriano hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Geovany Soto hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Geovany Soto hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Mark DeRosa hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Mark DeRosa hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Mark DeRosa hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Mark DeRosa hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Reed Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Reed Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Edgar Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jair Jurrjens ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 3 walks in 5 innings . Freddy Sanchez hit 3 RBI double in the fifth	True
Freddy Sanchez hit 3 RBI double in the fifth . Adam LaRoche hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Joey Devine ( 3 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Frank Thomas hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Frank Thomas hit 1 RBI single in the first . Emil Brown hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Emil Brown hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Milton Bradley hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Milton Bradley hit 1 RBI double in the first . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI single in the second . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 2 RBI single in the third . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Michael Young hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Michael Young hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Emil Brown hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Emil Brown hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Daric Barton hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jim Johnson ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Alex Gordon hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Alex Gordon hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Melvin Mora hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Melvin Mora hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Aubrey Huff hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Aubrey Huff hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Nick Markakis scored on wild pitch by Ramon Ramirez in the seventh	True
Nick Markakis scored on wild pitch by Ramon Ramirez in the seventh . Kevin Millar hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Kevin Millar hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . John Buck hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jon Garland ( 4 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 4 hits and 3 walks in 8 innings . Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	True
C. J. Wilson ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Brandon Boggs hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Brandon Boggs hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Milton Bradley hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Nick Adenhart ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 6 hits and 5 walks in 4 1/3 innings . Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI double in the second . Ross Gload hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Ross Gload hit 1 RBI double in the second . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI double in the third . Garret Anderson hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Garret Anderson hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Garret Anderson hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Garret Anderson hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Garret Anderson hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Matt Thornton ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Matt Stairs hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Josh Rupe ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 4 innings . Raul Ibanez hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Raul Ibanez hit 2 RBI double in the first . Jose Lopez hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jose Lopez hit 1 RBI single in the second . Richie Sexson hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Richie Sexson hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Wladimir Balentien hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Wladimir Balentien hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Milton Bradley hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Cory Wade ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Omar Quintanilla hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Omar Quintanilla hit 1 RBI double in the first . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the first . Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Garrett Atkins hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Garrett Atkins hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Scott Podsednik hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Scott Podsednik hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Juan Pierre hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Juan Pierre hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Jonathan Herrera hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Joe Smith ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 2/3 innings . David Wright scored on field error by Orlando Hudson in the first	True
David Wright scored on field error by Orlando Hudson in the first . Carlos Delgado hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Carlos Delgado hit 1 RBI single in the first . Ryan Church hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Ryan Church hit 1 RBI double in the second . Miguel Montero hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Miguel Montero hit 1 RBI double in the second . Chris Young hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Chris Young hit 1 RBI single in the second . Ryan Church hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Ryan Church hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . David Wright hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Takashi Saito ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the third . Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Juan Pierre hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Juan Pierre hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Cody Ross hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Cody Ross hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Matt Kemp scored on field error by Robert Andino in the ninth	True
C. J. Wilson ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the third . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Francisco Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jason Hammel ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Ty Taubenheim hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Ty Taubenheim hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Dioner Navarro hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	False
Dioner Navarro hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Doug Mientkiewicz hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Doug Mientkiewicz hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Jonny Gomes hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jonny Gomes hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Jason Bay hit 1 RBI homer in the 13th	True
J. P. Howell ( 6 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . Evan Longoria hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Evan Longoria hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Eric Hinske hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Eric Hinske hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Dioner Navarro hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Dioner Navarro hit 1 RBI double in the third . Freddy Sanchez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Freddy Sanchez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Chris Gomez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Chris Gomez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jack Wilson hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jack Wilson hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Carl Crawford hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Carl Crawford hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Jack Wilson hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Jack Wilson hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Jason Bartlett hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Doug Slaten ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Kevin Cash hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Brandon Morrow ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . David Wright hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
David Wright hit 1 RBI homer in the first . David Wright hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
David Wright hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Jose Reyes hit 3 RBI homer in the third	False
Jose Reyes hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Willie Bloomquist hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Boone Logan ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the first . Russell Martin hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Russell Martin hit 1 RBI single in the first . Blake DeWitt hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Jim Johnson ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Luke Scott hit 2 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Luke Scott hit 2 RBI triple in the fourth . Kosuke Fukudome hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Kosuke Fukudome hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Kevin Millar hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Kevin Millar hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Alex Cintron hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Alex Cintron hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Brian Roberts hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Brian Roberts hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jim Edmonds hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jim Edmonds hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh . Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Eric Hurley ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 6 hits and 3 walks in 6 innings . Michael Young hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Michael Young hit 1 RBI single in the first . Ty Wigginton hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Ty Wigginton hit 1 RBI single in the second . Humberto Quintero hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Humberto Quintero hit 1 RBI double in the second . Lance Berkman hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Lance Berkman hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Ramon Vazquez hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Wesley Wright ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Carlos Lee hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Boone Logan ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Jermaine Dye hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Jermaine Dye hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Dewayne Wise hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Dewayne Wise hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Jim Edmonds hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jim Edmonds hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Mike Fontenot hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Mike Fontenot hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Kosuke Fukudome hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Kosuke Fukudome hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Eric Patterson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Eric Patterson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Aramis Ramirez hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Aramis Ramirez hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Jim Edmonds hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jim Edmonds hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Mark DeRosa hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Mark DeRosa hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Carlos Quentin scored on wild pitch by Carlos Marmol in the eighth	True
Carlos Quentin scored on wild pitch by Carlos Marmol in the eighth . Jermaine Dye hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Joel Zumaya ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Chase Headley hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Khalil Greene hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Khalil Greene hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Placido Polanco hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Placido Polanco hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Scott Hairston hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Brian Tallet ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 2 innings . Corey Hart hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Corey Hart hit 2 RBI double in the first . J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI double in the second . Russell Branyan hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Russell Branyan hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Jason Kendall hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Jason Kendall hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Alex Rios hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Alex Rios hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Lyle Overbay hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Lyle Overbay hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Joe Inglett hit 4 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Greg Smith ( 4 - 5 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 3 walks in 5 innings . Jack Cust hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jack Cust hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Justin Upton hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Aaron Laffey ( 4 - 4 ) allowed 3 runs , 8 hits and 3 walks in 6 innings . Omar Quintanilla hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Omar Quintanilla hit 1 RBI double in the second . Jeff Baker hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jeff Baker hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Omar Quintanilla hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Michael Wuertz ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Cliff Floyd hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Cliff Floyd hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Ryan Theriot hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Ryan Theriot hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Eric Hinske hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jeff Ridgway ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Milton Bradley hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Milton Bradley hit 2 RBI single in the third . Ian Kinsler scored on wild pitch by Tim Hudson in the fifth	True
Ian Kinsler scored on wild pitch by Tim Hudson in the fifth . Omar Infante hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Omar Infante hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Marlon Byrd hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Marlon Byrd hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Brian McCann hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jair Jurrjens ( 6 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 8 hits and 2 walks in 7 2/3 innings . Chipper Jones hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Chipper Jones hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Jeff Francoeur hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Jeff Francoeur hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Brandon Jones hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Brandon Jones hit 2 RBI single in the ninth . Scott Podsednik hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Craig Breslow ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Russell Branyan hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Russell Branyan hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jason Kubel hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Jason Kubel hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Mike Cameron hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Mike Cameron hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Jason Kendall hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Matt Capps ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Jason Michaels hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Jason Michaels hit 2 RBI single in the third . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Guillermo Quiroz hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Guillermo Quiroz hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Aubrey Huff hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Aubrey Huff hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Brian Roberts hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Brian Roberts hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	False
Adam Eaton ( 2 - 4 ) allowed 3 runs , 9 hits and 1 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Adam Kennedy hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Adam Kennedy hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the third . Pat Burrell hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Carlos Rosa ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI single in the first . Miguel Montero hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Miguel Montero hit 1 RBI double in the second . Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI double in the third . Jose Guillen scored on field error by Mark Reynolds in the third	True
Jose Guillen scored on field error by Mark Reynolds in the third . Conor Jackson hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Conor Jackson hit 1 RBI single in the third . John Buck hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
John Buck hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . David DeJesus hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
David DeJesus hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Ross Gload scored on wild pitch by Edgar Gonzalez in the seventh	True
Ross Gload scored on wild pitch by Edgar Gonzalez in the seventh . Orlando Hudson hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Orlando Hudson hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Esteban German hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Kyle Kendrick ( 6 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 8 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Pat Burrell hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Pat Burrell hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI double in the second . Skip Schumaker hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Skip Schumaker hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Chase Utley hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Chase Utley hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Carlos Ruiz hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Carlos Ruiz hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Kyle Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Kyle Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Pedro Feliz hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Pedro Feliz hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Ryan Howard hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Ryan Howard hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Troy Glaus hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Troy Glaus hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Geoff Jenkins hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Geoff Jenkins hit 2 RBI double in the eighth . Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Sean Gallagher ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 3 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Matt Stairs hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Matt Stairs hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Scott Rolen hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Scott Rolen hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Jim Edmonds hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Jim Edmonds hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Eric Patterson hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	False
Justin Masterson ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 3 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Manny Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Manny Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Chad Billingsley ( 4 - 7 ) allowed 4 runs , 8 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Edgar Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Edgar Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Khalil Greene hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Khalil Greene hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Andy LaRoche hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Andy LaRoche hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Jody Gerut hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
John Lannan ( 4 - 7 ) allowed 2 runs , 7 hits and 0 walks in 6 innings . Jason Bay hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Jason Bay hit 1 RBI double in the first . Ryan Doumit hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Ryan Doumit hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Elijah Dukes hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Elijah Dukes hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Xavier Nady hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Clayton Kershaw ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 6 hits and 4 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Russell Martin hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Russell Martin hit 1 RBI single in the first . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Kevin Kouzmanoff scored on wild pitch by Scott Proctor in the sixth	True
Kevin Kouzmanoff scored on wild pitch by Scott Proctor in the sixth . Russell Martin hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	True
Russell Martin hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Matt Kemp hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Masa Kobayashi ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Jhonny Peralta scored on field error by Miguel Cabrera in the second	True
Jhonny Peralta scored on field error by Miguel Cabrera in the second . Kelly Shoppach hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Kelly Shoppach hit 1 RBI double in the second . Carlos Guillen hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Carlos Guillen hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Marcus Thames hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Marcus Thames hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Edgar Renteria hit 4 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Edgar Renteria hit 4 RBI homer in the eighth . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jim Johnson ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Mike Redmond hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Mike Redmond hit 1 RBI double in the first . Nick Markakis hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Nick Markakis hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Alexi Casilla hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Alexi Casilla hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Homer Bailey ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 5 runs , 4 hits and 4 walks in 6 1/3 innings . Carlos Ruiz scored on field error by Paul Janish in the third	True
Carlos Ruiz scored on field error by Paul Janish in the third . Pedro Feliz scored on field error by Ken Griffey in the fifth	True
Pedro Feliz scored on field error by Ken Griffey in the fifth . Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Geoff Jenkins hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Geoff Jenkins hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Oscar Villarreal ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Ty Wigginton hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Ty Wigginton hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Raul Chavez hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Raul Chavez hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Edward Mujica ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 2 2/3 innings . Josh Hamilton hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Josh Hamilton hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Milton Bradley hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Milton Bradley hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Brandon Boggs hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Brandon Boggs hit 1 RBI single in the first . David Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
David Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the second . Ben Francisco hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ben Francisco hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Franklin Gutierrez scored on field error by Ian Kinsler in the fourth	True
Franklin Gutierrez scored on field error by Ian Kinsler in the fourth . Michael Young hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Michael Young hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . David Murphy hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
David Murphy hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Shin-Soo Choo hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Shin-Soo Choo hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Milton Bradley hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Milton Bradley hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Frank Catalanotto hit a RBI single in the eighth	True
Frank Catalanotto hit a RBI single in the eighth . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Doug Slaten ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in innings . Chris Snyder hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Chris Snyder hit 1 RBI double in the second . Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI single in the third . Chris Snyder hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Chris Snyder hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Bill Hall , J. J. Hardy scored on field error by Mark Reynolds in the seventh	True
Bill Hall , J. J. Hardy scored on field error by Mark Reynolds in the seventh . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
A. J. Burnett ( 5 - 5 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 3 walks in 8 innings . Rod Barajas hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Rod Barajas hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Sean Rodriguez hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Sean Rodriguez hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Maicer Izturis hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Hiroki Kuroda ( 2 - 5 ) allowed 6 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 2 2/3 innings . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the first . David Wright hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
David Wright hit 1 RBI single in the first . David Wright hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
David Wright hit 1 RBI single in the third . Carlos Beltran hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Carlos Beltran hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Ryan Church hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Ehren Wassermann ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Jim Thome hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Jim Thome hit 2 RBI homer in the second . A. J. Pierzynski hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
A. J. Pierzynski hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Justin Morneau hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Justin Morneau hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Jason Kubel hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Jason Kubel hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh . Jermaine Dye hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jermaine Dye hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Nick Punto hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Nick Punto hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jorge De La Rosa ( 5 - 6 ) allowed 7 runs , 5 hits and 4 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Jorge Cantu hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jorge Cantu hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jeremy Hermida hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Jeremy Hermida hit 2 RBI single in the second . Dan Uggla hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Dan Uggla hit 2 RBI double in the second . Ian Stewart hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ian Stewart hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . John Baker hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
John Baker hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Omar Quintanilla hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Omar Quintanilla hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Wes Helms hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Matt Garza ( 9 - 6 ) allowed 0 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 9 innings . Eric Hinske hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Eric Hinske hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Aquilino Lopez ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2 1/3 innings . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI double in the third . Kelly Shoppach hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Kelly Shoppach hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Sergio Romo ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Jose Castillo hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jose Castillo hit 1 RBI single in the third . Kevin Correia hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Kevin Correia hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Fred Lewis hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Fred Lewis hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jose Castillo hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jose Castillo hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Randy Winn hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Randy Winn hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Angel Berroa hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Angel Berroa hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Mark Sweeney hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	True
Mark Sweeney hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Juan Pierre hit a RBI single in the fifth	True
Juan Pierre hit a RBI single in the fifth . Andruw Jones hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	False
Ryan Speier ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Troy Tulowitzki hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 2 RBI single in the third . Jeff Baker hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jeff Baker hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Garrett Atkins hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Garrett Atkins hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Chris Iannetta hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Chris Iannetta hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Clint Barmes hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Seth McClung ( 5 - 5 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Troy Glaus hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Troy Glaus hit 2 RBI double in the first . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Bill Hall hit 1 RBI homer in the tenth	False
Bill Hall hit 1 RBI homer in the tenth . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit a RBI single in the tenth	True
Rickie Weeks Jr. hit a RBI single in the tenth . J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	False
C. J. Wilson ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Taylor Teagarden hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jorge Campillo ( 4 - 4 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Mark Teixeira hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Mark Teixeira hit 2 RBI double in the first . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Brian McCann hit 1 RBI single in the first . Kevin Kouzmanoff hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Kevin Kouzmanoff hit 1 RBI single in the first . Mark Kotsay hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Mark Kotsay hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Brent Lillibridge hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Brent Lillibridge hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Gregor Blanco hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Gregor Blanco hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Kevin Kouzmanoff hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Kevin Kouzmanoff hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Brian McCann hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Brian McCann hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Brent Lillibridge hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Brent Lillibridge hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Chris Perez ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Jason Bay hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Jason Bay hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI triple in the third	True
Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ryan Ludwick hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Ryan Ludwick hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Adam Kennedy hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Adam Kennedy hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Rick Ankiel hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Rick Ankiel hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Troy Glaus hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Troy Glaus hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Joe Mather hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Joe Mather hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Jason Bay hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jason Bay hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Nate McLouth hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Nate McLouth hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth . Troy Glaus hit 1 RBI homer in the tenth	False
Troy Glaus hit 1 RBI homer in the tenth . Jason Michaels hit 2 RBI homer in the tenth	False
Chris Volstad ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 8 2/3 innings . Jeremy Hermida hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Jeremy Hermida hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Jorge Cantu hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jorge Cantu hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Russell Martin hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	True
Glen Perkins ( 6 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Carlos Guillen hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Carlos Guillen hit 1 RBI single in the third . Nick Punto hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Masa Kobayashi ( 4 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jhonny Peralta hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI single in the third . Marcus Thames hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Marcus Thames hit 1 RBI double in the third . Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Marcus Thames hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Marcus Thames hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Ivan Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Joe Smith ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2 1/3 innings . Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Jayson Werth hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jayson Werth hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Fernando Tatis hit 2 RBI homer in the 12th	False
Romulo Sanchez ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Bill Hall hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Bill Hall hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Jason Kendall hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jason Kendall hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . J. J. Hardy hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
J. J. Hardy hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Corey Hart hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Corey Hart hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Bill Hall hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Bill Hall hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Brian Bannister ( 7 - 8 ) allowed 7 runs , 8 hits and 1 walks in 5 innings . Carlos Pena hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Carlos Pena hit 1 RBI single in the first . Carlos Pena hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Carlos Pena hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Mark Grudzielanek hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Mark Grudzielanek hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Carl Crawford hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Carl Crawford hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Carl Crawford scored on field error by Robinson Tejeda in the eighth	True
Hideki Okajima ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 2/3 innings . Alex Rodriguez hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Alex Rodriguez hit 2 RBI double in the first . Kevin Youkilis hit 2 RBI triple in the third	True
Kevin Youkilis hit 2 RBI triple in the third . Mike Lowell hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Mike Lowell hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Joakim Soria ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Billy Butler hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Billy Butler hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Tony Pena hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Tony Pena hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI single in the third . Aubrey Huff hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Aubrey Huff hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Melvin Mora hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Melvin Mora hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Adam Jones hit 2 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Adam Jones hit 2 RBI triple in the fourth . Brandon Fahey hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Brandon Fahey hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Aubrey Huff hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Aubrey Huff hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Jose Guillen scored on field error by Kevin Millar in the sixth	True
Jose Guillen scored on field error by Kevin Millar in the sixth . Ross Gload hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Ross Gload hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . David DeJesus hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
David DeJesus hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Mark Grudzielanek hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Mark Grudzielanek hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jose Guillen hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Romulo Sanchez ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Brandon Phillips hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Brandon Phillips hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Jason Michaels hit 1 RBI double in the tenth	True
Jason Michaels hit 1 RBI double in the tenth . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	True
Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the tenth . Jack Wilson hit 1 RBI triple in the 11th	True
Jack Wilson hit 1 RBI triple in the 11th . Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	False
Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI single in the 11th . Jerry Hairston hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Ryan Rowland-Smith ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 6 1/3 innings . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Ichiro Suzuki hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Ichiro Suzuki hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Adrian Beltre hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Adrian Beltre hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Andy Marte hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jorge Campillo ( 7 - 7 ) allowed 5 runs , 8 hits and 3 walks in 3 2/3 innings . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI single in the first . Emilio Bonifacio hit 1 RBI triple in the second	True
Emilio Bonifacio hit 1 RBI triple in the second . Cristian Guzman hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Cristian Guzman hit 1 RBI single in the second . Lastings Milledge hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Lastings Milledge hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Greg Norton hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Greg Norton hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Ronnie Belliard hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	False
Hiroki Kuroda ( 7 - 10 ) allowed 4 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 5 innings . Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . James Loney hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
James Loney hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Chad Tracy scored on field error by Nomar Garciaparra in the fifth	True
Chad Tracy scored on field error by Nomar Garciaparra in the fifth . Jeff Salazar hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Jeff Salazar hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Blake DeWitt hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Blake DeWitt hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Stephen Drew scored on field error by Nomar Garciaparra in the seventh	True
Stephen Drew scored on field error by Nomar Garciaparra in the seventh . Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Conor Jackson hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Bill White ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Milton Bradley hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Milton Bradley hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI double in the first . Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Garret Anderson hit a RBI double in the sixth	True
Garret Anderson hit a RBI double in the sixth . Juan Rivera hit 3 RBI double in the eighth	False
Juan Rivera hit 3 RBI double in the eighth . Reggie Willits hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Cole Hamels ( 11 - 8 ) allowed 1 runs , 5 hits and 0 walks in 7 innings . Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI single in the first . Mark DeRosa hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth	True
Mark DeRosa hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth . Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Mike Fontenot hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Mike Fontenot hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Aramis Ramirez hit 4 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Josh Johnson ( 4 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 3 walks in 9 innings . Wes Helms hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Wes Helms hit 1 RBI single in the third . Hanley Ramirez hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Hanley Ramirez hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Craig Breslow ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Jeff Clement hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Jeff Clement hit 2 RBI single in the second . Randy Ruiz hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Randy Ruiz hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Jose Lopez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Scott Olsen ( 6 - 8 ) allowed 4 runs , 5 hits and 3 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Chipper Jones hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Chipper Jones hit 1 RBI double in the first . Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the first . Cody Ross hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Cody Ross hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Luis Gonzalez hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Luis Gonzalez hit 1 RBI double in the third . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the third . Cody Ross hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Cody Ross hit 1 RBI single in the third . Clint Sammons hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Clint Sammons hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Mike Jacobs hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Mike Jacobs hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Cody Ross hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Cody Ross hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Jeff Francoeur hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jeff Francoeur hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Scott Kazmir ( 9 - 6 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Jermaine Dye hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jermaine Dye hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Akinori Iwamura hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Akinori Iwamura hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jermaine Dye hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jermaine Dye hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Carlos Pena hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Zach Miner ( 7 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Glen Perkins ( 11 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 8 innings . Delmon Young hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Delmon Young hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Delmon Young hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Denard Span hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Daisuke Matsuzaka ( 15 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 6 hits and 5 walks in 5 innings . David Ortiz hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
David Ortiz hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jason Varitek hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Jason Varitek hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Ramon Hernandez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ramon Hernandez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Luke Scott hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Luke Scott hit 1 RBI single in the third . Kevin Youkilis hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Kevin Youkilis hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Jason Varitek hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Jason Varitek hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Kevin Youkilis hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jose Arredondo ( 4 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI single in the first . Franklin Gutierrez hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Franklin Gutierrez hit 2 RBI single in the first . Ryan Garko hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ryan Garko hit 1 RBI single in the third . Grady Sizemore hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Joakim Soria ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Mark Teahen hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	True
Mark Teahen hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Esteban German scored on wild pitch by Mariano Rivera in the ninth	True
Manny Corpas ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ronnie Belliard hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Ronnie Belliard hit 1 RBI single in the first . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI single in the third . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Brad Hawpe hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Edwar Ramirez ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Adam Everett hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Adam Everett hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Jaime Garcia ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Derrek Lee scored on field error by Adam Kennedy in the sixth	True
Derrek Lee scored on field error by Adam Kennedy in the sixth . Mark DeRosa hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Mark DeRosa hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Ronny Cedeno hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Ronny Cedeno hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Joe Mather hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Joe Mather hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Craig Hansen ( 1 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI double in the 12th	True
Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI double in the 12th . Freddy Sanchez hit 1 RBI single in the 12th	False
Joel Zumaya ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Carlos Guillen hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth	False
Carlos Guillen hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Alexei Ramirez hit a RBI single in the sixth	True
Alexei Ramirez hit a RBI single in the sixth . Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Carlos Quentin hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Carlos Quentin hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Magglio Ordonez hit 2 RBI triple in the ninth	False
Magglio Ordonez hit 2 RBI triple in the ninth . Matt Joyce hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Justin Masterson ( 4 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jed Lowrie hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	True
Jed Lowrie hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . David Ortiz hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
David Ortiz hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Ross Gload hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Ross Gload hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . J. D. Drew hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
J. D. Drew hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Jacoby Ellsbury hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Ramon Troncoso ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 2 2/3 innings . Adam Kennedy scored on wild pitch by Derek Lowe in the first	True
Adam Kennedy scored on wild pitch by Derek Lowe in the first . Manny Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Manny Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Angel Berroa hit 1 RBI triple in the second	True
Angel Berroa hit 1 RBI triple in the second . Manny Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Manny Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the third . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the third . Albert Pujols hit 4 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Albert Pujols hit 4 RBI homer in the fourth . Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Skip Schumaker hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Skip Schumaker hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . James Loney hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
James Loney hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Casey Blake hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Anibal Sanchez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 4 runs , 5 hits and 3 walks in 5 innings . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI double in the first . Eric Bruntlett hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Eric Bruntlett hit 1 RBI double in the second . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Mike Cervenak hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Luis Ayala ( 1 - 6 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI double in the first . Brad Hawpe hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Brad Hawpe hit 2 RBI single in the first . Jesus Flores hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Jesus Flores hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Tim Redding , Emilio Bonifacio scored on field error by Aaron Cook in the third	True
Tim Redding , Emilio Bonifacio scored on field error by Aaron Cook in the third . Emilio Bonifacio hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Emilio Bonifacio hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth . Willie Harris hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Willie Harris hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Willie Harris hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Randor Bierd ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 2 2/3 innings . Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI single in the first . Vladimir Guerrero hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Vladimir Guerrero hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Garret Anderson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Garret Anderson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Nick Markakis hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Nick Markakis hit 2 RBI single in the ninth . Melvin Mora hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Jair Jurrjens ( 9 - 7 ) allowed 4 runs , 9 hits and 3 walks in 6 innings . Aaron Rowand hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Aaron Rowand hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ivan Ochoa hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ivan Ochoa hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Randy Winn hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Ehren Wassermann ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Miguel Olivo hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Miguel Olivo hit 2 RBI double in the second . Mike Aviles hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Mike Aviles hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI homer in the third	False
Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Ross Gload hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Ross Gload hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Billy Butler hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	False
Billy Butler hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Dewayne Wise hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Dewayne Wise hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Toby Hall hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Toby Hall hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . John Buck hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
John Buck hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Mitch Maier hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ehren Wassermann ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 3 walks in 2 2/3 innings . Jim Thome hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Jim Thome hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Mitch Maier hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Mitch Maier hit 1 RBI single in the second . Billy Butler hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Billy Butler hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Esteban German hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Esteban German hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Esteban German hit 2 RBI triple in the fifth	False
Esteban German hit 2 RBI triple in the fifth . Brian Anderson hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Brian Anderson hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Jermaine Dye hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jermaine Dye hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Jeremy Sowers ( 1 - 6 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 0 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Joe Mauer hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Joe Mauer hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Brendan Harris hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Shairon Martis ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2 1/3 innings . Eric Bruntlett scored on wild pitch by Odalis Perez in the first	True
Eric Bruntlett scored on wild pitch by Odalis Perez in the first . Luke Montz hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Luke Montz hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Kory Casto hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Kory Casto hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Alberto Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Alberto Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . So Taguchi hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
So Taguchi hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Eric Bruntlett hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Eric Bruntlett hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . So Taguchi hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	True
So Taguchi hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth . Lou Marson hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Lou Marson hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Matt Stairs hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Josh Roenicke ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ryan Ludwick hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Ryan Ludwick hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Cesar Izturis hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Cesar Izturis hit 1 RBI single in the second . Felipe Lopez hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Felipe Lopez hit 1 RBI double in the second . Troy Glaus hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Troy Glaus hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Brendan Ryan hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Brendan Ryan hit 1 RBI single in the third . Felipe Lopez hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Felipe Lopez hit 2 RBI double in the third . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI double in the third . Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI double in the third . Edwin Encarnacion hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Edwin Encarnacion hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jesse Litsch ( 13 - 9 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Vernon Wells hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Vernon Wells hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Vernon Wells hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Vernon Wells hit 1 RBI single in the third . Lyle Overbay hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Lyle Overbay hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Vernon Wells hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Vernon Wells hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Melvin Mora hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Melvin Mora hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Marco Scutaro hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Marco Scutaro hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Brad Wilkerson hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Brad Wilkerson hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Kevin Mench hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jose Arredondo ( 10 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Wladimir Balentien hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Wladimir Balentien hit 1 RBI double in the first . Vladimir Guerrero hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Vladimir Guerrero hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Yuniesky Betancourt hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Yuniesky Betancourt hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Vladimir Guerrero hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Kevin Hart ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Micah Hoffpauir hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Micah Hoffpauir hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Casey McGehee hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Casey McGehee hit 1 RBI single in the first . Micah Hoffpauir hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Micah Hoffpauir hit 1 RBI double in the third . Ryan Church hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	False
Ryan Church hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Micah Hoffpauir hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Micah Hoffpauir hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh . Ramon Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ramon Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Robinson Cancel hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Robinson Cancel hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Steven Register ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Chris Iannetta hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Chris Iannetta hit 2 RBI double in the first . Ryan Spilborghs hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Ryan Spilborghs hit 1 RBI single in the first . Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI single in the first . Clint Barmes hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Clint Barmes hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Clint Barmes hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Clint Barmes hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Matt Holliday hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Matt Holliday hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Clint Barmes hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Clint Barmes hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Garrett Atkins hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Garrett Atkins hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Bengie Molina hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Bengie Molina hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jeff Baker hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jeff Baker hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . John Bowker hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
John Bowker hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Nate Schierholtz hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Nate Schierholtz hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Eugenio Velez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jeff Bennett ( 3 - 7 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the first . Pedro Feliz hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Pedro Feliz hit 1 RBI single in the second . Casey Kotchman hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Casey Kotchman hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Pat Burrell hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Rafael Perez ( 4 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Kevin Youkilis hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Kevin Youkilis hit 1 RBI double in the third . Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . David Ortiz hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
David Ortiz hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Kevin Youkilis hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Joe Blanton ( 8 - 12 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the third . John Baker hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
John Baker hit 2 RBI double in the third . Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Greg Dobbs hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Justin Thomas ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Bryan LaHair hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Bryan LaHair hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Jeff Baisley hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Jeff Baisley hit 2 RBI single in the second . Kenji Johjima hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Kenji Johjima hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Jeff Baisley hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jeff Baisley hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Kenji Johjima hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Kenji Johjima hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Rob Bowen hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Rob Bowen hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Daric Barton hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Mitch Stetter ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the first . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Micah Owings hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Micah Owings hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Adam Rosales hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Adam Rosales hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jose Arredondo ( 9 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI single in the first . Robb Quinlan hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Robb Quinlan hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Brandon Wood hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Brandon Wood hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Kurt Suzuki hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Geno Espineli ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI double in the first . Bengie Molina hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Bengie Molina hit 1 RBI single in the first . Brandon Webb hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Brandon Webb hit 2 RBI double in the second . Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI single in the second . Justin Upton hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Justin Upton hit 2 RBI homer in the second . David Eckstein hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
David Eckstein hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Omar Vizquel hit 2 RBI triple in the ninth	False
Jose Mijares ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI single in the first . Ryan Garko hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
Ryan Garko hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Franklin Gutierrez scored on wild pitch by Francisco Liriano in the third	True
Franklin Gutierrez scored on wild pitch by Francisco Liriano in the third . Andy Marte hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Andy Marte hit 1 RBI single in the third . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the third . Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Matt Tolbert hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Matt Tolbert hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Carlos Gomez hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Carlos Gomez hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Grady Sizemore hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Grady Sizemore hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Victor Martinez hit 3 RBI homer in the 11th	True
Jose Valverde ( 4 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jorge Cantu hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Jorge Cantu hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Cody Ross hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Cody Ross hit 1 RBI double in the first . Mike Jacobs hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Yasuhiko Yabuta ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the first . Ryan Garko hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Ryan Garko hit 1 RBI single in the first . Ryan Shealy hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Ryan Shealy hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI double in the third . Ryan Shealy hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ryan Shealy hit 1 RBI single in the third . David DeJesus hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
David DeJesus hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Jose Guillen hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Jose Guillen hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Joey Gathright hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Joey Gathright hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Ryan Shealy hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Kelvin Jimenez ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI single in the first . Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI single in the first . Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI single in the first . Adam LaRoche hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Adam LaRoche hit 2 RBI double in the second . Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI single in the second . Skip Schumaker hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Skip Schumaker hit 1 RBI single in the third . Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Garrett Mock ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Jorge Cantu hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Jorge Cantu hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Hanley Ramirez hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Hanley Ramirez hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Elijah Dukes hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Joakim Soria ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Ryan Shealy hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Ryan Shealy hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Kelly Shoppach scored on wild pitch by Robinson Tejeda in the second	True
Kelly Shoppach scored on wild pitch by Robinson Tejeda in the second . Mark Teahen hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Mark Teahen hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Miguel Olivo hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Miguel Olivo hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Mark Teahen hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Mark Teahen hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Kelly Shoppach hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Kelly Shoppach hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Ryan Shealy hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Ryan Shealy hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Ryan Garko hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Brian Bannister ( 7 - 15 ) allowed 7 runs , 10 hits and 1 walks in 3 2/3 innings . Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the second . Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI double in the third . Brian Buscher hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Brian Buscher hit 1 RBI double in the third . Justin Morneau hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Jeremy Sowers ( 3 - 8 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 8 innings . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the first . Michael Aubrey hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Michael Aubrey hit 1 RBI single in the third . David Dellucci hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
David Dellucci hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Andy Marte hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Andy Marte hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Kelly Shoppach hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Clay Rapada ( 3 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Jason Kubel hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Jason Kubel hit 1 RBI double in the third . Carlos Gomez hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Carlos Gomez hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Curtis Granderson hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Curtis Granderson hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Magglio Ordonez hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Steven Shell ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Elijah Dukes hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Elijah Dukes hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Gregor Blanco hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Gregor Blanco hit 1 RBI single in the second . Willie Harris hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Willie Harris hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Elijah Dukes hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Elijah Dukes hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Anderson Hernandez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Anderson Hernandez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Kelly Johnson hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Kelly Johnson hit 2 RBI double in the ninth . Ryan Langerhans hit 1 RBI homer in the tenth	False
Ryan Langerhans hit 1 RBI homer in the tenth . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI double in the tenth	True
Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI double in the tenth . Elijah Dukes hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	True
Clay Hensley ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jason Kendall hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jason Kendall hit 1 RBI single in the second . CC Sabathia hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
CC Sabathia hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Brian Giles hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Brian Giles hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Jose Veras ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Kenji Johjima hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Kenji Johjima hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Wilson Betemit hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Edwar Ramirez ( 5 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Cliff Floyd hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Cliff Floyd hit 1 RBI double in the first . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI double in the second . Ivan Rodriguez hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Ivan Rodriguez hit 1 RBI double in the second . Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI double in the third . Jason Giambi hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Jason Giambi hit 1 RBI double in the third . Hideki Matsui hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Hideki Matsui hit 1 RBI single in the third . Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Gabe Gross hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Gabe Gross hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Alex Rodriguez hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Alex Rodriguez hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Akinori Iwamura hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Joe Blanton ( 6 - 12 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 3 walks in 4 innings . Ryan Howard hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Ryan Howard hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI double in the first . Kory Casto hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Kory Casto hit 1 RBI single in the first . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI triple in the third	True
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Ryan Howard hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Ryan Howard hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Ronnie Belliard hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ronnie Belliard hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Cristian Guzman hit 3 RBI double in the eighth	False
Cristian Guzman hit 3 RBI double in the eighth . Matt Stairs hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Joba Chamberlain ( 4 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Cliff Floyd hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Cliff Floyd hit 1 RBI single in the third . Xavier Nady hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Xavier Nady hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Johnny Damon hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth	False
Johnny Damon hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth . Hideki Matsui hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Hideki Matsui hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Shawn Riggans hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Shawn Riggans hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Chris Sampson ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Lance Berkman hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Lance Berkman hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Hunter Pence hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Rich Harden ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Kosuke Fukudome hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Kosuke Fukudome hit 1 RBI single in the first . Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI double in the first . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Alfonso Soriano scored on field error by Khalil Greene in the fourth	True
Alfonso Soriano scored on field error by Khalil Greene in the fourth . Kosuke Fukudome hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Kosuke Fukudome hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Rick Ankiel hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Rick Ankiel hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Micah Hoffpauir hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Micah Hoffpauir hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Brendan Ryan hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Brendan Ryan hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Kosuke Fukudome hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Carlos Villanueva ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 3 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Carlos Lee hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Carlos Lee hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Mike Hampton hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Mike Hampton hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Michael Bourn hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Michael Bourn hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Bill Hall hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Bill Hall hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Bill Hall hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Bill Hall hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . J. R. Towles hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
J. R. Towles hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Kazuo Matsui hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Kazuo Matsui hit 2 RBI double in the eighth . Prince Fielder hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Prince Fielder hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Lance Berkman scored on field error by Bill Hall in the ninth	True
Lance Berkman scored on field error by Bill Hall in the ninth . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Derek Holland ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 3 innings . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Ian Kinsler hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Ian Kinsler hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Andruw Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the third	False
Andruw Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Ty Wigginton hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Ty Wigginton hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Ty Wigginton hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Ty Wigginton hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Cesar Izturis hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Cesar Izturis hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Adam Jones hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Darren O'Day ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in innings . Rod Barajas hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Rod Barajas hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 2 RBI single in the third . Rod Barajas hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Rod Barajas hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Alex Rios hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Alex Rios hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Michael Young hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Michael Young hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Alex Rios hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	False
Alex Rios hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Adam Lind hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Michael Young hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Michael Young hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Kevin Millar hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Anibal Sanchez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jason Jaramillo hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jason Jaramillo hit 1 RBI double in the second . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the third	False
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the third . Freddy Sanchez hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Freddy Sanchez hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Cameron Maybin hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Josh Outman ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Brett Gardner hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Brett Gardner hit 2 RBI single in the second . Johnny Damon hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Johnny Damon hit 1 RBI single in the second . Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI single in the second . Kurt Suzuki hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Kurt Suzuki hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Johnny Damon hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Johnny Damon hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Mark Ellis hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Chris Perez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . Skip Schumaker hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Skip Schumaker hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ryan Ludwick hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Ryan Ludwick hit 2 RBI single in the third . Kosuke Fukudome hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Kosuke Fukudome hit 1 RBI double in the third . Khalil Greene hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Khalil Greene hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Derrek Lee hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Derrek Lee hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Aaron Miles hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Aaron Miles hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Aramis Ramirez hit 2 RBI homer in the 11th	True
Jered Weaver ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 4 runs , 10 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Kenji Johjima hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Kenji Johjima hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Torii Hunter hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Torii Hunter hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Endy Chavez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Endy Chavez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Ken Griffey hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Ken Griffey hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Rob Johnson hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Rob Johnson hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Ichiro Suzuki hit 4 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Luke Gregerson ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Scott Hairston hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Scott Hairston hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Gary Sheffield scored on wild pitch by Edward Mujica in the seventh	True
Gary Sheffield scored on wild pitch by Edward Mujica in the seventh . Carlos Delgado hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Carlos Delgado hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Daniel Herrera ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI double in the first . J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jerry Hairston hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Jerry Hairston hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Laynce Nix hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Laynce Nix hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
David Aardsma ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Mike Sweeney hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	True
Jeff Niemann ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 6 runs , 6 hits and 4 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI double in the first . Melvin Mora hit 4 RBI homer in the first	True
Alex Hinshaw ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Brian Giles hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Brian Giles hit 1 RBI double in the first . Kevin Kouzmanoff hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Kevin Kouzmanoff hit 1 RBI single in the first . Randy Winn hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Randy Winn hit 1 RBI single in the third . Brian Giles hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Brian Giles hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Bengie Molina hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Bengie Molina hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Scott Hairston hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Scott Hairston hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Emmanuel Burriss scored on field error by Luis Antonio Rodriguez in the ninth	False
Mike Pelfrey ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 4 runs , 5 hits and 4 walks in 5 innings . Carlos Delgado hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Carlos Delgado hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Joey Votto hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Joey Votto hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Carlos Beltran hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Carlos Beltran hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Carlos Delgado hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Carlos Delgado hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Brian Schneider hit 3 RBI double in the seventh	False
Brian Schneider hit 3 RBI double in the seventh . Ramon Hernandez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Manny Corpas ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Ryan Spilborghs hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Ryan Spilborghs hit 2 RBI double in the third . Yorvit Torrealba hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Yorvit Torrealba hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Ian Stewart hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Ian Stewart hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Ian Stewart hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ian Stewart hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Troy Tulowitzki scored on field error by Felipe Lopez in the ninth	False
Edwin Jackson ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 7 1/3 innings . Marcus Thames hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	True
Marcus Thames hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Scott Rolen hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Scott Rolen hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Aaron Hill hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Aaron Hill hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Brandon Inge hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Chris Perez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Nick Stavinoha hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	True
Nick Stavinoha hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Rich Aurilia hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jordan Zimmermann ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 5 runs , 8 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Gary Sheffield hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Gary Sheffield hit 2 RBI double in the first . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the third . Adam Dunn hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Adam Dunn hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Daniel Murphy hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Daniel Murphy hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Daniel Murphy hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Daniel Murphy hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Nick Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Brian Bannister ( 4 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI double in the first . Brian Bannister hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Brian Bannister hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Joel Pineiro hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Joel Pineiro hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Mike Jacobs hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
A. Happ ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 6 innings . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI homer in the second . John Mayberry hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
John Mayberry hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Alex Rodriguez hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Alex Rodriguez hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jensen Lewis ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 3 innings . Grady Sizemore hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Grady Sizemore hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Adam Rosales hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	True
Adam Rosales hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Alex Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Darren O'Day ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Michael Young hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Michael Young hit 1 RBI single in the third . Andruw Jones hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Andruw Jones hit 1 RBI single in the third . Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Lance Berkman hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Lance Berkman hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Geoff Blum hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Geoff Blum hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Michael Bourn hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Michael Bourn hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the tenth	False
Clay Zavada ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI single in the third . Chris Young hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Barry Zito ( 1 - 4 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 4 walks in 8 innings . Scott Hairston hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Scott Hairston hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Nick Hundley hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Juan Gutierrez ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Felipe Lopez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Felipe Lopez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Ross Gload hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Kevin Gregg ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the first . Colby Rasmus hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Ramon Pena ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 2 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI triple in the first	True
Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI triple in the first . Brian McCann scored on field error by Doug Davis in the second	True
Brian McCann scored on field error by Doug Davis in the second . Chipper Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Chipper Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Brandon Morrow ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Wladimir Balentien hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Wladimir Balentien hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Hank Blalock hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Hank Blalock hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Chris Davis hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Burke Badenhop ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Dan Uggla scored on wild pitch by Dave Bush in the second	True
Dan Uggla scored on wild pitch by Dave Bush in the second . Bill Hall hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Bill Hall hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Ross Gload hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Ross Gload hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Alfredo Aceves ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Brett Gardner hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Brett Gardner hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Johnny Damon hit 1 RBI triple in the second	True
Johnny Damon hit 1 RBI triple in the second . Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI double in the second . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the second . Rod Barajas hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Rod Barajas hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Brett Gardner hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth	False
Brett Gardner hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth . Francisco Cervelli hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Jordan Zimmermann ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 5 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Randy Winn hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Randy Winn hit 2 RBI double in the first . Travis Ishikawa hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Travis Ishikawa hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Edgar Renteria hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Edgar Renteria hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Nick Johnson hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Nick Johnson hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh . Ronnie Belliard hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ronnie Belliard hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Nick Johnson hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Nick Johnson hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Bengie Molina hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Bengie Molina hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Pablo Sandoval hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Garrett Olson ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Kenji Johjima hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Kenji Johjima hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Josh Hamilton hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Josh Hamilton hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Marlon Byrd scored on field error by Russell Branyan in the seventh	True
Marlon Byrd scored on field error by Russell Branyan in the seventh . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	True
Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
C. J. Wilson ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Hank Blalock hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Hank Blalock hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jermaine Dye scored on wild pitch by Vicente Padilla in the second	True
Jermaine Dye scored on wild pitch by Vicente Padilla in the second . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Omar Vizquel hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Omar Vizquel hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . David Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
David Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Hank Blalock hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Hank Blalock hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Darren O'Day ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Carlos Quentin hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Carlos Quentin hit 1 RBI double in the third . Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jermaine Dye hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Jermaine Dye hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Eric O'Flaherty ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Jeff Francoeur hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jeff Francoeur hit 1 RBI single in the second . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Yunel Escobar hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Yunel Escobar hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Brian McCann hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Brian McCann hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Osiris Matos ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Juan Castro hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Juan Castro hit 1 RBI double in the second . Juan Pierre hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Juan Pierre hit 2 RBI double in the second . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Juan Castro hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Juan Castro hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Eric Stults hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Eric Stults hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Juan Pierre hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Masa Kobayashi ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 5 runs , 5 hits and 0 walks in innings . Dustin Pedroia hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Dustin Pedroia hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jason Bay hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Jason Bay hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Rocco Baldelli hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Rocco Baldelli hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Jeff Bailey hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Jeff Bailey hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . George Kottaras hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
George Kottaras hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Dustin Pedroia hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Dustin Pedroia hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Jason Bay hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jason Bay hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Ryan Garko hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Chris Sampson ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 4 runs , 1 hits and 4 walks in 2/3 innings . Ivan Rodriguez hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Ivan Rodriguez hit 1 RBI double in the second . Elijah Dukes hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Elijah Dukes hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Michael Bourn hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Michael Bourn hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Miguel Tejada hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Miguel Tejada hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	False
Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Josh Willingham scored on field error by Miguel Tejada in the sixth	True
Josh Willingham scored on field error by Miguel Tejada in the sixth . Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Miguel Tejada hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Miguel Tejada hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Carlos Lee scored on field error by Cristian Guzman in the seventh	True
Carlos Lee scored on field error by Cristian Guzman in the seventh . Darin Erstad scored on wild pitch by Garrett Mock in the eighth	False
Darin Erstad scored on wild pitch by Garrett Mock in the eighth . Cristian Guzman hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Nick Blackburn ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 9 runs , 8 hits and 3 walks in 3 1/3 innings . Ramon Santiago hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Ramon Santiago hit 1 RBI double in the second . Josh Anderson hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Josh Anderson hit 1 RBI single in the second . Clete Thomas hit 2 RBI triple in the second	True
Clete Thomas hit 2 RBI triple in the second . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the second . Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
C. J. Wilson ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Hank Blalock hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Hank Blalock hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Marlon Byrd hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Marlon Byrd hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Michael Young hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Michael Young hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Russell Branyan hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Russell Branyan hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Franklin Gutierrez hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Franklin Gutierrez hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Chris Davis hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Joakim Soria ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Justin Morneau hit a RBI single in the first	True
Justin Morneau hit a RBI single in the first . Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jose Guillen hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jose Guillen hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh . Alberto Callaspo hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Alberto Callaspo hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Josh Outman ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Jack Cust hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Jack Cust hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Mike Sweeney hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Mike Sweeney hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Ichiro Suzuki hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Ichiro Suzuki hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Kenji Johjima hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Kenji Johjima hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Landon Powell hit 2 RBI double in the 13th	True
Landon Powell hit 2 RBI double in the 13th . Orlando Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the 13th	True
Orlando Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the 13th . Ichiro Suzuki hit 1 RBI single in the 13th	True
Ichiro Suzuki hit 1 RBI single in the 13th . Jose Lopez hit 1 RBI single in the 15th	False
Jason Marquis ( 4 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 9 innings . Ryan Spilborghs hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Ryan Spilborghs hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Garrett Atkins hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Garrett Atkins hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ryan Spilborghs hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Ryan Spilborghs hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Brad Hawpe hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Brad Hawpe hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Robinson Tejeda ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI homer in the first . David DeJesus hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
David DeJesus hit 2 RBI single in the third . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Brendan Harris hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Brendan Harris hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Nick Punto hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Nick Punto hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . David DeJesus hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
David DeJesus hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Jose Guillen hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Jose Guillen hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Justin Morneau hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Chris Jakubauskas ( 4 - 5 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2 1/3 innings . Robinson Cano scored on field error by Chris Woodward in the second	True
Robinson Cano scored on field error by Chris Woodward in the second . Ronny Cedeno hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Ronny Cedeno hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Russell Branyan hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Russell Branyan hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Alex Rodriguez hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Alex Rodriguez hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Kenji Johjima hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Kenji Johjima hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Derek Jeter hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Daniel Herrera ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Brandon Phillips hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Brandon Phillips hit 2 RBI single in the third . Ramon Hernandez hit 2 RBI triple in the third	True
Ramon Hernandez hit 2 RBI triple in the third . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jonny Gomes hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Jonny Gomes hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Ramon Hernandez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Garrett Olson ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 5 innings . Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI single in the second . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jose Lopez hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Jose Lopez hit 2 RBI double in the third . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
David Patton ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Alexei Ramirez hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Alexei Ramirez hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Dewayne Wise hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Dewayne Wise hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jermaine Dye hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Felix Hernandez ( 8 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 8 innings . Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI double in the second . Russell Branyan hit 1 RBI triple in the third	True
Russell Branyan hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Ken Griffey hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Ken Griffey hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Rafael Furcal scored on field error by Ichiro Suzuki in the third	True
Rafael Furcal scored on field error by Ichiro Suzuki in the third . Russell Branyan hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	True
Jose Mijares ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Jason Kubel hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jason Kubel hit 1 RBI single in the first . Justin Morneau scored on field error by Joe Thurston in the first	True
Justin Morneau scored on field error by Joe Thurston in the first . Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Rick Ankiel hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Jered Weaver ( 8 - 3 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 4 walks in 6 innings . Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the second . Jeff Mathis hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jeff Mathis hit 1 RBI double in the second . Maicer Izturis hit 2 RBI triple in the second	True
Maicer Izturis hit 2 RBI triple in the second . Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the second . Torii Hunter hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Torii Hunter hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Stephen Drew hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Stephen Drew hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Tony Clark hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Tony Clark hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Kendrys Morales hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the first . Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the second . Johnny Damon hit 3 RBI triple in the third	True
Johnny Damon hit 3 RBI triple in the third . Cody Ransom hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	False
Cody Ransom hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Casey Kotchman hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Casey Kotchman hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Casey Kotchman scored on field error by Brett Gardner in the fourth	True
Casey Kotchman scored on field error by Brett Gardner in the fourth . Yunel Escobar hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Yunel Escobar hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Alex Rodriguez hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	True
Alex Rodriguez hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Johnny Damon hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Johnny Damon hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Joakim Soria ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Tug Hulett hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Tug Hulett hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Darin Erstad hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Darin Erstad hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . David DeJesus hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
David DeJesus hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Brayan Pena hit 1 RBI homer in the tenth	True
Brayan Pena hit 1 RBI homer in the tenth . Matt Kata hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	False
Matt Kata hit 1 RBI single in the tenth . Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI homer in the 11th	True
Carlos Marmol ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Placido Polanco hit 1 RBI triple in the first	True
Placido Polanco hit 1 RBI triple in the first . Brandon Inge hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Brandon Inge hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Micah Hoffpauir hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Micah Hoffpauir hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Ryan Raburn hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Hiroki Kuroda ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 8 2/3 innings . Orlando Hudson hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Orlando Hudson hit 1 RBI double in the first . James Loney hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
James Loney hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Casey Blake hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Casey Blake hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Jermaine Dye hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Matt Daley ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ian Stewart hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Ian Stewart hit 1 RBI single in the second . Seth Smith hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Seth Smith hit 2 RBI single in the second . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Brad Hawpe hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Brad Hawpe hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Seth Smith hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Seth Smith hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Todd Helton hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Todd Helton hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Troy Tulowitzki scored on wild pitch by Rafael Rodriguez in the seventh	True
Troy Tulowitzki scored on wild pitch by Rafael Rodriguez in the seventh . Ian Stewart scored on wild pitch by Jason Bulger in the ninth	False
Steven Jackson ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Freddy Sanchez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Freddy Sanchez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Freddy Sanchez hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Freddy Sanchez hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI single in the second . Clint Barmes hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Clint Barmes hit 1 RBI double in the second . Ryan Spilborghs hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Ryan Spilborghs hit 1 RBI double in the second . Garrett Atkins hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Garrett Atkins hit 1 RBI single in the third . Clint Barmes hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Clint Barmes hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Peter Moylan ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Brian McCann hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Brian McCann hit 2 RBI double in the first . David Ortiz hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
David Ortiz hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Gregor Blanco hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Gregor Blanco hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . J. D. Drew hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
J. D. Drew hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Garret Anderson hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Garret Anderson hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Nick Green hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Ryan Franklin ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Brendan Ryan hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Brendan Ryan hit 1 RBI single in the third . Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Willie Bloomquist hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Willie Bloomquist hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Khalil Greene hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jim Johnson ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Jayson Werth hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Jayson Werth hit 2 RBI double in the first . Matt Wieters hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Matt Wieters hit 2 RBI double in the second . Rich Hill hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Rich Hill hit 1 RBI single in the second . Aubrey Huff hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Aubrey Huff hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Nolan Reimold hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Nolan Reimold hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Nick Markakis hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Chris Narveson ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 2 2/3 innings . Prince Fielder hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Prince Fielder hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Marcus Thames hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Marcus Thames hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Dusty Ryan hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Dusty Ryan hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Adam Everett hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Adam Everett hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Curtis Granderson hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Curtis Granderson hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Marcus Thames hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Sean West ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 4 runs , 4 hits and 4 walks in 5 2/3 innings . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the first . Jeremy Hermida hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Jeremy Hermida hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Cody Ross hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Cody Ross hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Alex Rios hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Alex Rios hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Lyle Overbay hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Lyle Overbay hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Marco Scutaro scored on field error by Wes Helms in the seventh	True
Ramon Troncoso ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Andruw Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Andruw Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Matt Kemp hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Hideki Okajima ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Kevin Youkilis hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Kevin Youkilis hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . J. D. Drew hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
J. D. Drew hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Jacoby Ellsbury hit 1 RBI single in the 13th	True
Jacoby Ellsbury hit 1 RBI single in the 13th . Mike Lowell hit 1 RBI single in the 13th	True
Jack Taschner ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Mike Pelfrey hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Mike Pelfrey hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Luis Castillo hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Luis Castillo hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Alex Cora hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Alex Cora hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Pedro Feliz hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Pedro Feliz hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Raul Ibanez scored on field error by David Wright in the seventh	True
Raul Ibanez scored on field error by David Wright in the seventh . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the 11th	True
Justin Verlander ( 7 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 6 hits and 1 walks in 9 innings . Adam Everett hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Adam Everett hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Jim Thome hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . David Ortiz hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
David Ortiz hit 2 RBI homer in the second . J. D. Drew hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
J. D. Drew hit 2 RBI double in the second . Nick Green hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Nick Green hit 1 RBI double in the third . Mike Lowell hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Mike Lowell hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Nick Green hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jose Arredondo ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Chone Figgins hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Chone Figgins hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Juan Rivera hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Juan Rivera hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Brandon Inge hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Brandon Inge hit 2 RBI single in the first . Adam Everett hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Adam Everett hit 2 RBI single in the third . Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Clete Thomas hit 4 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Clete Thomas hit 4 RBI homer in the eighth . Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Carlos Villanueva ( 2 - 4 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Chipper Jones hit 1 RBI triple in the first	True
Chipper Jones hit 1 RBI triple in the first . Chipper Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Chipper Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Manny Parra hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Manny Parra hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Chipper Jones hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Chipper Jones hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Mike Cameron hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Mike Cameron hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Brian McCann hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Joakim Soria ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Raul Chavez hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Raul Chavez hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Mark Teahen hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Mark Teahen hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Willie Bloomquist hit 3 RBI triple in the fifth	False
Willie Bloomquist hit 3 RBI triple in the fifth . Mark Teahen hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Hideki Okajima ( 3 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . David Ortiz hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
David Ortiz hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Brian Roberts hit a RBI single in the third	True
Brian Roberts hit a RBI single in the third . Nolan Reimold hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Nolan Reimold hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Jacoby Ellsbury hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Jacoby Ellsbury hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Aubrey Huff hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Aubrey Huff hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Kevin Youkilis hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Chris Perez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI single in the first . Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the first . Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Maicer Izturis scored on field error by Luis Valbuena in the fifth	True
Maicer Izturis scored on field error by Luis Valbuena in the fifth . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Howie Kendrick hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Howie Kendrick hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Howie Kendrick hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Howie Kendrick hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Kelly Shoppach hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Marc Rzepczynski ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 3 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Chris Shelton hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Chris Shelton hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Jack Hannahan hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jack Hannahan hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Alex Rios hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Alex Rios hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Ichiro Suzuki hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Mike Gosling ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Grady Sizemore hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Grady Sizemore hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Franklin Gutierrez hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Franklin Gutierrez hit 2 RBI single in the first . Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jhonny Peralta hit 4 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 4 RBI homer in the fifth . Grady Sizemore hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Grady Sizemore hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Travis Hafner hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Travis Hafner hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Ben Francisco hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Ben Francisco hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Michael Saunders hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Daniel Herrera ( 1 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI double in the third . Jake Fox hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jake Fox hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Koyie Hill hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Koyie Hill hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth . Kosuke Fukudome hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Matt Albers ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Jason Varitek hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Matt Garza ( 7 - 7 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 0 walks in 9 innings . Marco Scutaro hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Marco Scutaro hit 1 RBI single in the third . Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI double in the third . Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI double in the tenth	True
Ricky Nolasco ( 7 - 7 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 3 walks in 6 1/3 innings . Jeremy Hermida hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Jeremy Hermida hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Chris Coghlan scored on field error by Everth Cabrera in the eighth	True
Chris Coghlan scored on field error by Everth Cabrera in the eighth . Chris Coghlan hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Mike Pelfrey ( 7 - 6 ) allowed 3 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Angel Pagan hit a RBI triple in the sixth	True
Angel Pagan hit a RBI triple in the sixth . Josh Willingham hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Chris Perez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Vernon Wells hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Vernon Wells hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Alex Rios hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Alex Rios hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Marco Scutaro hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Marco Scutaro hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Adam Lind hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Scott Rolen hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Scott Rolen hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Lyle Overbay hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Lyle Overbay hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Luis Valbuena hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Luis Valbuena hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Marco Scutaro hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Marco Scutaro hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Ben Francisco hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Josh Beckett ( 11 - 4 ) allowed 4 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 8 innings . Hank Blalock hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Hank Blalock hit 2 RBI single in the first . Kevin Youkilis hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Kevin Youkilis hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Mike Lowell hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Mitch Stetter ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Anthony Swarzak ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 3 walks in 7 innings . Orlando Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Orlando Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the third . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Delmon Young hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI triple in the tenth	True
Jim Johnson ( 3 - 4 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Eric Hinske hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Eric Hinske hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Hideki Matsui hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	True
Yovani Gallardo ( 8 - 7 ) allowed 3 runs , 7 hits and 4 walks in 6 innings . Brandon Phillips hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Brandon Phillips hit 2 RBI single in the first . Prince Fielder hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Prince Fielder hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Jonny Gomes hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jonny Gomes hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jonny Gomes hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Roy Oswalt ( 6 - 4 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 9 innings . Miguel Tejada hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Miguel Tejada hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Hunter Pence hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Hunter Pence hit 2 RBI double in the first . Ivan Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Ivan Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Geoff Blum hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Geoff Blum hit 2 RBI double in the second . Ivan Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Ivan Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Michael Bourn hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Cole Hamels ( 5 - 5 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 5 innings . Chase Utley hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Chase Utley hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Chris Coghlan hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Chris Coghlan hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Pedro Feliz hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Pedro Feliz hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Ross Gload hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Ross Gload hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Ronny Paulino hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ronny Paulino hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Wes Helms hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Wes Helms hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the 12th	True
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the 12th . Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI single in the 12th	True
Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI single in the 12th . Ronny Paulino scored on wild pitch by Brad Lidge in the 12th	True
Eric O'Flaherty ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Garret Anderson hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Garret Anderson hit 2 RBI double in the first . Todd Helton hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Todd Helton hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Diory Hernandez hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Burke Badenhop ( 5 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Justin Upton hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Justin Upton hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI single in the third . Chris Young hit 2 RBI triple in the third	True
Chris Young hit 2 RBI triple in the third . Tony Clark hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Tony Clark hit 1 RBI double in the third . Jorge Cantu hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jorge Cantu hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Jeremy Hermida hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jeremy Hermida hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Chris Coghlan hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Chris Coghlan hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Brett Carroll hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Brett Carroll hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Cody Ross hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Cody Ross hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Jeremy Hermida hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jeremy Hermida hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . John Baker hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Joel Pineiro ( 7 - 9 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 9 innings . Mike Cameron hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Mike Cameron hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Brendan Ryan hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Brendan Ryan hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Ryan Ludwick hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Luke Gregerson ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Bengie Molina hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Bengie Molina hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Travis Ishikawa hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Travis Ishikawa hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Pablo Sandoval hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Pablo Sandoval hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Kevin Kouzmanoff hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Kevin Kouzmanoff hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Randy Winn hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Randy Winn hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Nate Schierholtz hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Dirk Hayhurst ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 2 walks in 3 innings . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Adam Lind hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Vernon Wells hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Vernon Wells hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Gabe Kapler hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Gabe Kapler hit 1 RBI single in the second . Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the second . Dioner Navarro hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Dioner Navarro hit 1 RBI single in the third . Marco Scutaro hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Marco Scutaro hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Ben Zobrist hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Ben Zobrist hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Jason Bartlett hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Jason Bartlett hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Scott Rolen hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Scott Rolen hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Kevin Millar hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Kevin Millar hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Alex Rios hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Alex Rios hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
CC Sabathia ( 8 - 5 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Hideki Matsui hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Hideki Matsui hit 1 RBI single in the first . Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI single in the second . Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Robinson Cano hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Robinson Cano hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Brett Gardner hit 2 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Brett Gardner hit 2 RBI triple in the sixth . Francisco Cervelli hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Francisco Cervelli hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Brendan Harris hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Peter Moylan ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in innings . Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI single in the third . Chipper Jones hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Chipper Jones hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Garret Anderson hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Garret Anderson hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Ryan Zimmerman hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ryan Zimmerman hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Josh Willingham hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
David Price ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 6 runs , 3 hits and 5 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Andruw Jones hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Andruw Jones hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Jason Bartlett hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Jason Bartlett hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Michael Young hit 3 RBI double in the second	True
Michael Young hit 3 RBI double in the second . Dioner Navarro hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Dioner Navarro hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Taylor Teagarden hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Taylor Teagarden hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Andruw Jones hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Andruw Jones hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Hank Blalock hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Hank Blalock hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Gavin Floyd ( 6 - 6 ) allowed 5 runs , 4 hits and 3 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Dewayne Wise hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Dewayne Wise hit 1 RBI single in the second . Jermaine Dye hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Jermaine Dye hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth	False
Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth . Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Mark Teahen hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Mark Teahen hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Alberto Callaspo hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Alberto Callaspo hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Brayan Pena hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Pat Misch ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Jimmy Rollins hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Jimmy Rollins hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Fernando Nieve hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Fernando Nieve hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
John Danks ( 7 - 6 ) allowed 0 runs , 5 hits and 0 walks in 7 1/3 innings . A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Scott Podsednik scored on field error by Alberto Callaspo in the third	True
Scott Podsednik scored on field error by Alberto Callaspo in the third . Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI double in the third . Dewayne Wise hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Dewayne Wise hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jim Thome hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Clay Zavada ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jordan Zimmermann ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 6 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Jordan Zimmermann hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jordan Zimmermann hit 1 RBI single in the second . Hanley Ramirez hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Hanley Ramirez hit 2 RBI double in the third . Josh Willingham hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Josh Willingham hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Cody Ross hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Cody Ross hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Cody Ross hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ross Ohlendorf ( 11 - 9 ) allowed 4 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Casey McGehee hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Casey McGehee hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Garrett Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Garrett Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Craig Counsell hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Franklin Morales ( 3 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI double in the first . Todd Helton hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Todd Helton hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Edgar Renteria hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Edgar Renteria hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Edgar Renteria hit 4 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Edgar Renteria hit 4 RBI homer in the seventh . Ryan Rohlinger hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ryan Rohlinger hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Eugenio Velez hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Zack Greinke ( 13 - 8 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 9 innings . Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . David DeJesus hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
David DeJesus hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Mitch Maier scored on wild pitch by < pitcher > in the fifth	True
C. J. Wilson ( 4 - 6 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jason Kubel hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jason Kubel hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Nelson Cruz hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Nelson Cruz hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Brendan Harris hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Brendan Harris hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Nick Punto hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jess Todd ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 4 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the first . Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI double in the second . Cesar Izturis hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Cesar Izturis hit 1 RBI single in the second . Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Felix Pie hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Felix Pie hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Ty Wigginton hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Ty Wigginton hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Matt LaPorta hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Matt LaPorta hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Felix Pie hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Felix Pie hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Matt Wieters hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Matt Wieters hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Felix Pie hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Felix Pie hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Nick Markakis hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Ramon Pena ( 6 - 5 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI triple in the first	True
Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI triple in the first . David Ortiz hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
David Ortiz hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Alex Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Alex Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Scott Podsednik hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Scott Podsednik hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . David Ortiz hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Luke Gregerson ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . David Eckstein hit 1 RBI double in the 12th	True
Cristhian Martinez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Brian McCann hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Brian McCann hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Cody Ross hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Cody Ross hit 1 RBI double in the second . Ronny Paulino hit 3 RBI double in the fourth	True
Ronny Paulino hit 3 RBI double in the fourth . Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Brian McCann hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Kyle McClellan ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Matt Holliday hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Matt Holliday hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Skip Schumaker hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Skip Schumaker hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Rick Ankiel hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Rick Ankiel hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Brian Duensing ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 6 hits and 1 walks in 5 innings . Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jason Kubel hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Jason Kubel hit 2 RBI double in the third . Miguel Olivo hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Miguel Olivo hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Brendan Harris hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Brendan Harris hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Alexi Casilla hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Alexi Casilla hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . David DeJesus hit 2 RBI triple in the sixth	True
David DeJesus hit 2 RBI triple in the sixth . Jason Kubel hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Jason Kubel hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Mark Teahen hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Mark Teahen hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Chris Ray ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Brian Roberts hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Brian Roberts hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Jim Thome hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Jim Thome hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Brian Roberts hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Brian Roberts hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth . Ty Wigginton hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Angel Guzman ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Kevin Kouzmanoff hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Kevin Kouzmanoff hit 1 RBI single in the first . Kevin Kouzmanoff hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Kevin Kouzmanoff hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ryan Dempster hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ryan Dempster hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Kyle Blanks hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Junichi Tazawa ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 4 runs , 10 hits and 3 walks in 5 innings . David Ortiz hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
David Ortiz hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI double in the third . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI single in the third . Taylor Teagarden hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Taylor Teagarden hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Dustin Pedroia hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Manny Delcarmen ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Julio Borbon hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Julio Borbon hit 1 RBI single in the second . Jason Bay hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jason Bay hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Julio Borbon hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Julio Borbon hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Josh Hamilton hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Kevin Jepsen ( 4 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI single in the third . Robb Quinlan hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Robb Quinlan hit 1 RBI single in the third . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Sammy Gervacio ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Jason Bourgeois hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jason Bourgeois hit 1 RBI single in the first . Yovani Gallardo hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Yovani Gallardo hit 2 RBI double in the first . Felipe Lopez hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Felipe Lopez hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Mike Cameron hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Justin Verlander ( 13 - 6 ) allowed 0 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 8 innings . Ryan Raburn hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ryan Raburn hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Ryan Raburn hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Ricky Romero ( 10 - 5 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 3 walks in 6 innings . Randy Ruiz hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Randy Ruiz hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Johnny Damon hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Johnny Damon hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Raul Chavez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Raul Chavez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Edwin Encarnacion scored on wild pitch by < pitcher > in the sixth	True
Edwin Encarnacion scored on wild pitch by < pitcher > in the sixth . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Tyler Clippard ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI single in the first . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI double in the third . Chipper Jones hit a RBI single in the third	True
Chipper Jones hit a RBI single in the third . Ryan Church hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Ryan Church hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Brian McCann hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Chipper Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Chipper Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Greg Norton scored on field error by Cristian Guzman in the eighth	True
Scott Baker ( 9 - 7 ) allowed 6 runs , 9 hits and 0 walks in 4 1/3 innings . Mike Redmond hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Mike Redmond hit 1 RBI single in the second . Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Delmon Young hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Marcus Thames hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Marcus Thames hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Gerald Laird hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Gerald Laird hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Alexi Casilla hit 2 RBI triple in the sixth	False
Alexi Casilla hit 2 RBI triple in the sixth . Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Placido Polanco hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Placido Polanco hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Yovani Gallardo ( 10 - 9 ) allowed 2 runs , 6 hits and 4 walks in 7 innings . Geoff Blum hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Carlos Marmol ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Kosuke Fukudome hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Kosuke Fukudome hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Brad Hawpe hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Brad Hawpe hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Omar Quintanilla hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Omar Quintanilla hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Ryan Theriot hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Ryan Theriot hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Milton Bradley hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Milton Bradley hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Kosuke Fukudome hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Kosuke Fukudome hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Clint Barmes hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Ricky Nolasco ( 8 - 7 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Nick Johnson hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Nick Johnson hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI double in the first . Cody Ross hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Cody Ross hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Ben Francisco hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Chris Jakubauskas ( 5 - 6 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Billy Butler hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Billy Butler hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Mark Teahen hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Mark Teahen hit 2 RBI double in the first . Yuniesky Betancourt hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Yuniesky Betancourt hit 1 RBI double in the first . Mike Sweeney hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Mike Sweeney hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Brayan Pena scored on field error by Russell Branyan in the fifth	True
Hideki Okajima ( 3 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Kevin Youkilis hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Kevin Youkilis hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Dustin Pedroia hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Dustin Pedroia hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Jason Bartlett hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jason Bartlett hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI homer in the 13th	True
Chad Qualls ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI single in the first . Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Miguel Montero hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Miguel Montero hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Justin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Justin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the second . Mark Reynolds hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Mark Reynolds hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Angel Pagan hit 1 RBI triple in the third	True
Angel Pagan hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Luis Castillo hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Luis Castillo hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . David Wright hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
David Wright hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Shawn Kelley ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . David Murphy hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
David Murphy hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jose Lopez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jose Lopez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Michael Young hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Michael Young hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Fu-Te Ni ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Andy Marte hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Andy Marte hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Trevor Crowe hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Trevor Crowe hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Grady Sizemore hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Grady Sizemore hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Jhonny Peralta scored on field error by Adam Everett in the seventh	True
Jhonny Peralta scored on field error by Adam Everett in the seventh . Kelly Shoppach hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Craig Stammen ( 3 - 6 ) allowed 6 runs , 8 hits and 0 walks in 3 innings . Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI double in the first . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Lastings Milledge hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Lastings Milledge hit 2 RBI double in the third . Andy LaRoche hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Andy LaRoche hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Andrew McCutchen hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Josh Bard hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Josh Bard hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Cristian Guzman hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Cristian Guzman hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Andrew McCutchen hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Ubaldo Jimenez ( 8 - 9 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 0 walks in 8 innings . Jonny Gomes hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Jonny Gomes hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Ian Stewart hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ian Stewart hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Seth Smith hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Seth Smith hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Clayton Mortensen ( 2 - 4 ) allowed 6 runs , 8 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ken Griffey hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Ken Griffey hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Jack Hannahan hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Jack Hannahan hit 1 RBI double in the first . Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI single in the second . Jose Lopez hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jose Lopez hit 1 RBI double in the second . Adam Moore hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
John Axford ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Seth Smith hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Seth Smith hit 1 RBI single in the first . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jason Kendall hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jason Kendall hit 1 RBI double in the second . Yorvit Torrealba scored on wild pitch by Jeff Suppan in the second	True
Yorvit Torrealba scored on wild pitch by Jeff Suppan in the second . Todd Helton hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Todd Helton hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Yorvit Torrealba hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Yorvit Torrealba hit 1 RBI single in the third . Mike Cameron hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Mike Cameron hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Ian Stewart scored on wild pitch by Jeff Suppan in the sixth	True
Ian Stewart scored on wild pitch by Jeff Suppan in the sixth . Carlos Gonzalez hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Jason Kendall hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jason Kendall hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Troy Tulowitzki hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Troy Tulowitzki hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Casey McGehee hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Josh Kinney ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Ryan Hanigan hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Ryan Hanigan hit 1 RBI single in the second . Laynce Nix hit 4 RBI homer in the third	True
Laynce Nix hit 4 RBI homer in the third . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ricky Nolasco ( 13 - 9 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 2 walks in 7 2/3 innings . Jorge Cantu hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jorge Cantu hit 1 RBI single in the third . Cameron Maybin scored on wild pitch by Javier Vazquez in the third	True
Cameron Maybin scored on wild pitch by Javier Vazquez in the third . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ross Gload hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Ross Gload hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Adam LaRoche hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Adam LaRoche hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jeff Stevens ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Eli Whiteside hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Eli Whiteside hit 1 RBI double in the second . Eli Whiteside hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Eli Whiteside hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Eugenio Velez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Eugenio Velez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Bobby Scales hit 1 RBI triple in the ninth	False
Daisuke Matsuzaka ( 3 - 6 ) allowed 1 runs , 6 hits and 5 walks in 7 innings . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Johnny Damon hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Daniel Herrera ( 4 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Laynce Nix hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Laynce Nix hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Juan Francisco hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Juan Francisco hit 2 RBI single in the third . Miguel Tejada hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Miguel Tejada hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Corky Miller hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Corky Miller hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Miguel Tejada hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Miguel Tejada hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jay Bruce hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Matt Albers ( 2 - 6 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 3 walks in 1 innings . Michael Aubrey hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Michael Aubrey hit 1 RBI single in the second . Luis Valbuena hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Luis Valbuena hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Lou Marson hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Lou Marson hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Edwin Jackson ( 13 - 7 ) allowed 0 runs , 7 hits and 3 walks in 7 innings . Ryan Raburn hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Ryan Raburn hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Tyler Clippard ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the second . Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Jeff Francoeur hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Jeff Francoeur hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Jeff Francoeur scored on field error by Adam Dunn in the seventh	True
Jeff Francoeur scored on field error by Adam Dunn in the seventh . Jorge Padilla scored on field error by Sean Green in the eighth	False
Franklin Morales ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Justin Upton hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Justin Upton hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Ryan Spilborghs hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Ryan Spilborghs hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Ryan Spilborghs hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Ryan Spilborghs hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Yorvit Torrealba hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Yorvit Torrealba hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Jason Giambi hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Bud Norris ( 5 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 3 walks in 5 innings . Lance Berkman hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Lance Berkman hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Corey Hart hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Corey Hart hit 1 RBI single in the third . Miguel Tejada hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Miguel Tejada hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Felipe Lopez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Felipe Lopez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Casey McGehee hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Sean West ( 7 - 5 ) allowed 1 runs , 6 hits and 3 walks in 6 innings . Dan Uggla hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Sammy Gervacio ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Kazuo Matsui hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Kazuo Matsui hit 1 RBI single in the first . Miguel Tejada hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Miguel Tejada hit 1 RBI single in the first . Geoff Blum hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Geoff Blum hit 1 RBI single in the first . Drew Stubbs hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Drew Stubbs hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Kazuo Matsui hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Kazuo Matsui hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Scott Rolen hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Scott Rolen hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Paul Janish hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Bobby Jenks ( 3 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Ken Griffey hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Ken Griffey hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Mike Carp hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Mike Carp hit 1 RBI single in the second . Mark Kotsay hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Mark Kotsay hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . A. J. Pierzynski hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
A. J. Pierzynski hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Sammy Gervacio ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Jay Bruce hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jay Bruce hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jason Hammel ( 8 - 8 ) allowed 4 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Aaron Rowand hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Aaron Rowand hit 2 RBI single in the second . Bengie Molina hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Bengie Molina hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Eugenio Velez hit 3 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Fu-Te Ni ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Marcus Thames hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Marcus Thames hit 1 RBI single in the first . Brayan Pena hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Brayan Pena hit 1 RBI double in the second . Ryan Raburn hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Ryan Raburn hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Aubrey Huff hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Aubrey Huff hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Mitch Maier hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Mitch Maier hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Billy Butler hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Billy Butler hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Mike Jacobs hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Daniel Herrera ( 3 - 4 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Eric Young Jr. hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
David Price ( 7 - 7 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Jason Bartlett hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jason Bartlett hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Hideki Okajima ( 5 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Kevin Youkilis hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Kevin Youkilis hit 1 RBI single in the first . Mark Kotsay hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Mark Kotsay hit 2 RBI single in the third . Carlos Quentin hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
David Robertson ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the second . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Randy Ruiz hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Randy Ruiz hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . John McDonald hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
John McDonald hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	False
Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jorge Posada hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jorge Posada hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth . Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Carlos Villanueva ( 2 - 10 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Casey McGehee hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Casey McGehee hit 1 RBI single in the first . Skip Schumaker hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Skip Schumaker hit 2 RBI single in the second . Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI double in the second . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the second . Mike Cameron hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Mike Cameron hit 1 RBI single in the third . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Casey McGehee hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Casey McGehee hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
John Lannan ( 8 - 10 ) allowed 5 runs , 6 hits and 4 walks in 5 innings . Adrian Gonzalez hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Chase Headley hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	True
Chase Headley hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Will Venable hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Will Venable hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . David Eckstein hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Clay Zavada ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in innings . Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI single in the first . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Vicente Padilla hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Vicente Padilla hit 1 RBI single in the second . Rusty Ryal hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Rusty Ryal hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . John Hester hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
David Robertson ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Felix Pie hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Felix Pie hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Robinson Cano hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Robinson Cano hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Jorge Posada hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jorge Posada hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Melvin Mora hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Melvin Mora hit 2 RBI single in the third . Jorge Posada hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Jorge Posada hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Luke Scott hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Luke Scott hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Nick Swisher hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Nick Swisher hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Eric Hinske hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Cliff Lee ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 6 hits and 0 walks in 9 innings . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Raul Ibanez hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Raul Ibanez hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Jose Mijares ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Brendan Harris hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Brendan Harris hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth . Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Nick Punto hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Nick Punto hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Alex Rodriguez hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Alex Rodriguez hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI homer in the 11th	True
Darren O'Day ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Jose Lopez hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Burke Badenhop ( 7 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Ronny Paulino hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Ronny Paulino hit 1 RBI double in the first . Miguel Cairo hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Miguel Cairo hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Ben Francisco hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ben Francisco hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Wes Helms hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Wes Helms hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Eric Bruntlett hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Eric Bruntlett hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Greg Dobbs hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Greg Dobbs hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Miguel Cairo hit a RBI triple in the eighth	False
Miguel Cairo hit a RBI triple in the eighth . Paul Hoover hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	False
Dusty Hughes ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Delmon Young hit 3 RBI double in the sixth	True
Delmon Young hit 3 RBI double in the sixth . Mike Jacobs hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Mike Jacobs hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Alex Gordon hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Alex Gordon hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Anthony Claggett ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Andy LaRoche hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Andy LaRoche hit 1 RBI double in the first . Darnell McDonald hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Darnell McDonald hit 1 RBI double in the second . Scott Rolen hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Scott Rolen hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Joey Votto hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	False
Joey Votto hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Delwyn Young hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Delwyn Young hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Juan Francisco hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Juan Francisco hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Brett Anderson ( 11 - 11 ) allowed 4 runs , 8 hits and 1 walks in 5 innings . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Daric Barton hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Daric Barton hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Mike Sweeney hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Mike Sweeney hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jack Cust hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jeff Fulchino ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Martin Prado scored on field error by Tommy Manzella in the first	True
Martin Prado scored on field error by Tommy Manzella in the first . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI single in the second . J. R. Towles hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
J. R. Towles hit 1 RBI single in the second . Jason Heyward hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Esmerling Vasquez ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2 2/3 innings . Justin Upton hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Justin Upton hit 1 RBI double in the first . Adam LaRoche hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Adam LaRoche hit 2 RBI double in the first . Chris Young hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Chris Young hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Troy Tulowitzki hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 2 RBI double in the third . Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI single in the third . Matt Belisle hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Matt Belisle hit 2 RBI double in the third . Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Melvin Mora hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Melvin Mora hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Justin Upton hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Justin Upton hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Chris Young hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Chris Young hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Tony Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Tony Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI homer in the tenth	False
Takashi Saito ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Troy Glaus hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Troy Glaus hit 1 RBI single in the third . Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Bryan Anderson hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Bryan Anderson hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Alex Burnett ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI homer in the second . J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI single in the second . Yuniesky Betancourt hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Yuniesky Betancourt hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Mitch Maier hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	False
Mitch Maier hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Charlie Morton ( 0 - 4 ) allowed 5 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 3 innings . Andy LaRoche hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Andy LaRoche hit 1 RBI single in the second . Lance Berkman hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Lance Berkman hit 1 RBI homer in the second . J. R. Towles hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
J. R. Towles hit 1 RBI double in the second . Pedro Feliz hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Pedro Feliz hit 2 RBI single in the third . Carlos Lee hit 2 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Carlos Lee hit 2 RBI triple in the fourth . Tommy Manzella hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Tommy Manzella hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Andy LaRoche hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jim Johnson ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . David Ortiz hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
David Ortiz hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Adam Jones hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Charlie Haeger ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 4 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Adam Kennedy hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Adam Kennedy hit 1 RBI single in the first . Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Adam Dunn hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Adam Dunn hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Nyjer Morgan hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Joe Thatcher ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Matt Stairs hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Matt Stairs hit 2 RBI double in the second . Tony Gwynn Jr. hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Tony Gwynn Jr. hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Everth Cabrera hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Everth Cabrera hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Adrian Gonzalez hit 4 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 4 RBI homer in the fourth . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Ryan Hanigan hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Ryan Hanigan hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Paul Janish hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Manny Parra ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Ryan Braun hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Ryan Braun hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Prince Fielder hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	False
Prince Fielder hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Casey McGehee hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Casey McGehee hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . George Kottaras hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
George Kottaras hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Rickie Weeks hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Rickie Weeks hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Craig Counsell hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Craig Counsell hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Jim Edmonds hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jim Edmonds hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh . Alcides Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Alcides Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Manny Parra hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Andy Sonnanstine ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jason Bartlett hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jason Bartlett hit 1 RBI single in the third . Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Gabe Kapler hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Gabe Kapler hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Sean Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Sean Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Sean Rodriguez hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Sean Rodriguez hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Franklin Morales ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Ian Stewart hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Ian Stewart hit 1 RBI double in the second . Todd Helton hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Todd Helton hit 1 RBI single in the third . Brad Hawpe hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Brad Hawpe hit 1 RBI single in the third . Melvin Mora hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Melvin Mora hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jorge De La Rosa hit 3 RBI double in the third	True
Jorge De La Rosa hit 3 RBI double in the third . Ryan Spilborghs hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Ryan Spilborghs hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Ryan Zimmerman hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Ryan Zimmerman hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	False
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Cristian Guzman hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Kyle Kendrick ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 4 hits and 2 walks in 8 innings . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Troy Glaus hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Troy Glaus hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI homer in the tenth	False
Andy Sonnanstine ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI double in the third . Melvin Upton hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Melvin Upton hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Jason Bartlett hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Jason Bartlett hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Jeremy Hermida hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Kam Mickolio ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 2 walks in 2 innings . Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ichiro Suzuki scored on field error by Ty Wigginton in the third	True
Ichiro Suzuki scored on field error by Ty Wigginton in the third . Ken Griffey hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Ken Griffey hit 2 RBI single in the third . Milton Bradley hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Milton Bradley hit 1 RBI double in the third . Casey Kotchman hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Casey Kotchman hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Luke Scott hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Luke Scott hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Casey Kotchman hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Casey Kotchman hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Ty Wigginton hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Dustin Nippert ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 2 1/3 innings . Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI double in the third . Michael Young hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Michael Young hit 1 RBI single in the third . Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Ramiro Pena hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Ramiro Pena hit 2 RBI single in the third . Jorge Posada hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Chris Leroux ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI single in the first . Juan Castro hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Juan Castro hit 1 RBI single in the first . Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI single in the first . Placido Polanco hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Placido Polanco hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Juan Castro hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Juan Castro hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Brett Carroll hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Brett Carroll hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Gaby Sanchez hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Gaby Sanchez hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Cameron Maybin hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Matt Albers ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Cliff Pennington hit 2 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Cliff Pennington hit 2 RBI triple in the fourth . Ty Wigginton hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Tyler Clippard ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Juan Castro hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Juan Castro hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Ryan Zimmerman hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Ryan Zimmerman hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Ivan Rodriguez hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Ivan Rodriguez hit 2 RBI single in the ninth . Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Neftali Feliz ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI double in the first . Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the second . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Julio Borbon hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Esmailin Caridad ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Miguel Cairo hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Kenshin Kawakami ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Brian McCann hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Brian McCann hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Aubrey Huff hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Aubrey Huff hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Mark DeRosa hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Mark DeRosa hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Pablo Sandoval hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Pablo Sandoval hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Bengie Molina hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Bengie Molina hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Joe Smith ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 3 walks in 1 innings . Magglio Ordonez hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Magglio Ordonez hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Brandon Inge hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Brandon Inge hit 1 RBI single in the third . Shin-Soo Choo scored on wild pitch by Jeremy Bonderman in the fourth	True
Shin-Soo Choo scored on wild pitch by Jeremy Bonderman in the fourth . Travis Hafner hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Hiroki Kuroda ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 8 innings . Jorge Cantu hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jorge Cantu hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Casey Blake hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Casey Blake hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Blake DeWitt hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Blake DeWitt hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Jamey Carroll , Russell Martin scored on field error by Hanley Ramirez in the seventh	True
Jamey Carroll , Russell Martin scored on field error by Hanley Ramirez in the seventh . James Loney hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
James Loney hit 2 RBI double in the ninth . Manny Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Manny Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Wes Helms hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Ramon Troncoso ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . James Loney hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
James Loney hit 1 RBI single in the first . Ronnie Belliard hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Ronnie Belliard hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . James Loney hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
James Loney hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Ronnie Belliard hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Ronnie Belliard hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Garret Anderson hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Garret Anderson hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Delwyn Young hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Delwyn Young hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Ronnie Belliard hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Ryan Perry ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI single in the first . Billy Butler hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Billy Butler hit 1 RBI single in the third . Magglio Ordonez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Magglio Ordonez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Miguel Cabrera hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Miguel Cabrera hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Mariano Rivera ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . David Ortiz hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
David Ortiz hit 1 RBI single in the third . Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI homer in the tenth	False
Antonio Bastardo ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Chipper Jones hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Chipper Jones hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Eric Hinske hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Eric Hinske hit 1 RBI single in the first . Brian McCann scored on field error by Ryan Howard in the third	True
Brian McCann scored on field error by Ryan Howard in the third . Yunel Escobar hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Yunel Escobar hit 2 RBI single in the third . Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	True
Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Wilson Valdez hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Wilson Valdez hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Ben Francisco hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Ben Francisco hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Troy Glaus hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Daniel Herrera ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jonny Gomes hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Jonny Gomes hit 2 RBI single in the first . Orlando Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Orlando Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Matt Holliday hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Matt Holliday hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Skip Schumaker hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Skip Schumaker hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Felipe Lopez hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Felipe Lopez hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jon Jay hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	False
Jon Jay hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Esmerling Vasquez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Justin Upton hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Justin Upton hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Chris Young hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Chris Young hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Chris Snyder hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Chris Snyder hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Manny Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Manny Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the third . Rafael Furcal , Matt Kemp scored on field error by Kelly Johnson in the eighth	True
Sergio Santos ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Reid Brignac hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Reid Brignac hit 1 RBI single in the third . Alex Rios hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Alex Rios hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Ramon Castro hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Ramon Castro hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Tyler Clippard ( 7 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Josh Willingham hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Josh Willingham hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Chris Denorfia hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Chris Denorfia hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Chris Denorfia hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
David Robertson ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Esmerling Vasquez ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Brad Hawpe hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Brad Hawpe hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Miguel Olivo scored on wild pitch by Ian Kennedy in the second	True
Miguel Olivo scored on wild pitch by Ian Kennedy in the second . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Conor Jackson hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Nick Masset ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Laynce Nix hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Laynce Nix hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Jonny Gomes hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Jonny Gomes hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Ryan Hanigan hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ryan Hanigan hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Trevor Crowe hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Trevor Crowe hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Shin-Soo Choo hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Shin-Soo Choo hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Laynce Nix hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Laynce Nix hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Orlando Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Orlando Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Esmil Rogers ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 3 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Jose Guillen hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jose Guillen hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jose Guillen hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Jason Kendall hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Jason Kendall hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . David DeJesus hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
David DeJesus hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Clint Barmes hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Clint Barmes hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Willie Bloomquist scored on wild pitch by Esmil Rogers in the eighth	True
Santiago Casilla ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Rajai Davis hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Rajai Davis hit 2 RBI double in the third . Ryan Sweeney hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Ryan Sweeney hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Andres Torres hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Andres Torres hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Coco Crisp hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Blake Wood ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Mitch Maier hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Mitch Maier hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Chris Getz hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Chris Getz hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Scott Podsednik hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Scott Podsednik hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Luke Scott hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Luke Scott hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Luke Scott hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Luke Scott hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Corey Patterson hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Corey Patterson hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	False
Yovani Gallardo ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 6 walks in 6 innings . Corey Hart hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Corey Hart hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Orlando Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Orlando Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Jonny Gomes hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jonny Gomes hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh . Corey Hart hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Corey Hart hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Craig Counsell hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jenrry Mejia ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Cameron Maybin hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Cameron Maybin hit 2 RBI single in the first . David Wright hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
David Wright hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jason Bay hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jason Bay hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jorge Cantu hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Jorge Cantu hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Cody Ross hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Cody Ross hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	False
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Luis Castillo hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Luis Castillo hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Luis Castillo hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Mitchell Boggs ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Ryan Ludwick hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Ryan Ludwick hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Drew Stubbs hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Fernando Nieve ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Rod Barajas hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Rod Barajas hit 1 RBI single in the second . Chris Coghlan hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Chris Coghlan hit 1 RBI single in the third . Cody Ross scored on wild pitch by Fernando Nieve in the ninth	True
Hiroki Kuroda ( 4 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 6 hits and 1 walks in 7 1/3 innings . Andre Ethier hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Andre Ethier hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Adam LaRoche hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Adam LaRoche hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Manny Ramirez hit 3 RBI double in the seventh	False
Sergio Santos ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI single in the first . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI single in the third . Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
David Robertson ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Brennan Boesch hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Brennan Boesch hit 2 RBI single in the first . Mark Teixeira hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Mark Teixeira hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Johnny Damon hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Johnny Damon hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Brennan Boesch hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Brennan Boesch hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Marcus Thames hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ricky Romero ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 4 runs , 8 hits and 5 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI double in the second . Jayson Nix hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jayson Nix hit 1 RBI single in the second . Juan Pierre hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Juan Pierre hit 1 RBI single in the second . Adam Lind hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Adam Lind hit 2 RBI single in the third . Vernon Wells hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Vernon Wells hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Alex Rios hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Alex Rios hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Carlos Quentin hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Carlos Quentin hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Fred Lewis hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Fred Lewis hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth . Alex Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Luke Gregerson ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Tim Stauffer hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	True
Tim Stauffer hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Tony Gwynn Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Tony Gwynn Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI double in the 11th	True
Matt Albers ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Nick Punto hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Nick Punto hit 1 RBI double in the second . Luke Scott hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Luke Scott hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Delmon Young hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Drew Butera hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Brandon Medders ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 2 2/3 innings . Angel Pagan hit 2 RBI triple in the second	True
Angel Pagan hit 2 RBI triple in the second . Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jason Bay hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Jason Bay hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Aubrey Huff hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Aubrey Huff hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Henry Blanco hit 1 RBI homer in the 11th	True
Jhoulys Chacin ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 7 1/3 innings . Carlos Gonzalez hit 3 RBI triple in the first	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 3 RBI triple in the first . Ian Stewart hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Ian Stewart hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Ian Stewart hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Ian Stewart hit 1 RBI single in the second . Clint Barmes hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Daniel Herrera ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in innings . David Freese hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
David Freese hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Matt Holliday hit a RBI single in the seventh	True
Matt Holliday hit a RBI single in the seventh . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Skip Schumaker hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Yovani Gallardo ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Yovani Gallardo hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Yovani Gallardo hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Doug Slaten ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Brian McCann hit 1 RBI double in the first . Jair Jurrjens hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Manny Corpas ( 2 - 4 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Scott Hairston hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Scott Hairston hit 1 RBI single in the first . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Chase Headley hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jonathan Herrera hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Jonathan Herrera hit 2 RBI double in the second . Nick Hundley hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Nick Hundley hit 1 RBI single in the third . Everth Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Everth Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Clayton Richard hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Clayton Richard hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jerry Hairston hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jerry Hairston hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Scott Hairston hit 3 RBI double in the fourth	True
Scott Hairston hit 3 RBI double in the fourth . Oscar Salazar hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Oscar Salazar hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Seth Smith hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Drew Storen ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Ivan Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ivan Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Nyjer Morgan hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Nyjer Morgan hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Adam Dunn hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Adam Dunn hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Nick Markakis hit a RBI single in the fifth	True
Nick Markakis hit a RBI single in the fifth . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Adam Jones hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Scott Moore hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Scott Moore hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Corey Patterson hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Alex Sanabia ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 3 1/3 innings . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the first . Gaby Sanchez hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Gaby Sanchez hit 1 RBI double in the second . Julio Lugo hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Julio Lugo hit 1 RBI single in the third . Miguel Tejada hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Miguel Tejada hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ty Wigginton hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ty Wigginton hit 1 RBI single in the third . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Adam Jones hit 1 RBI double in the third . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Adam Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Luke Scott hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Luke Scott hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Miguel Tejada hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Miguel Tejada hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh . Craig Tatum hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Craig Tatum hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Brian Duensing ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 1/3 innings . Corey Hart hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Corey Hart hit 1 RBI double in the third . Delmon Young hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	False
Delmon Young hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Blaine Boyer ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Magglio Ordonez hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Magglio Ordonez hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Danny Worth hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Danny Worth hit 1 RBI double in the second . Miguel Montero hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Miguel Montero hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Chris Young hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Chris Young hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	False
Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Brandon Inge hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Brandon Inge hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth . Alex Avila hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Neftali Feliz ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ronny Paulino hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Ronny Paulino hit 2 RBI double in the second . Vladimir Guerrero hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Vladimir Guerrero hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Julio Borbon scored on field error by Ricky Nolasco in the fifth	True
Julio Borbon scored on field error by Ricky Nolasco in the fifth . Ian Kinsler hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	True
Ian Kinsler hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Michael Young hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Michael Young hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Cody Ross hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Tyson Ross ( 1 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 2 innings . Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI single in the second . Xavier Nady hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Xavier Nady hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Alfonso Soriano hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Sergio Santos ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Garrett Jones hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Garrett Jones hit 2 RBI double in the first . Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the second . Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Ryan Doumit hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Ryan Doumit hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	False
Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Alex Rios hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
John Lannan ( 2 - 4 ) allowed 7 runs , 10 hits and 4 walks in 4 1/3 innings . Josh Willingham hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Josh Willingham hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ivan Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ivan Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Michael Morse hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Michael Morse hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Magglio Ordonez hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Magglio Ordonez hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Ryan Raburn hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Franklin Morales ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 2 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI triple in the third	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Nick Punto hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Nick Punto hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jason Kubel hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Jason Kubel hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Todd Helton hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Todd Helton hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Matt Tolbert hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Gavin Floyd ( 2 - 7 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 3 walks in 8 innings . Chad Tracy hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Vin Mazzaro ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Bengie Molina hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Bengie Molina hit 1 RBI single in the second . Landon Powell hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Landon Powell hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Aubrey Huff hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Aubrey Huff hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Kevin Kouzmanoff hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Kevin Kouzmanoff hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Aubrey Huff hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
J. D. Martin ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 7 runs , 9 hits and 0 walks in 7 2/3 innings . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI single in the second . Carlos Santana hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Carlos Santana hit 2 RBI double in the second . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Russell Branyan hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Brett Cecil ( 7 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 3 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Alex Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Alex Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Carlos Pena hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Carlos Pena hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Adam Lind hit 1 RBI single in the third . Sean Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Kyle McClellan ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Manny Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	True
Clay Hensley ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Jorge Cantu hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	False
Jorge Cantu hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Cody Ross hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Cody Ross hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Chris Carter hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Chris Carter hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Angel Pagan hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Angel Pagan hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Jeff Francoeur hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Zach Braddock ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Rickie Weeks Jr. scored on field error by Felipe Lopez in the first	True
Rickie Weeks Jr. scored on field error by Felipe Lopez in the first . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Matt Garza ( 6 - 4 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 5 2/3 innings . Matt Treanor hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Matt Treanor hit 1 RBI homer in the second . John Jaso hit 2 RBI homer in the third	False
John Jaso hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Carlos Pena hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Carlos Pena hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . John Jaso hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
John Jaso hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . John Jaso hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
John Jaso hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Matt Treanor hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Chris Perez ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Austin Kearns hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Austin Kearns hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Ramon Castro hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ramon Castro hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Russell Branyan hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Andy Sonnanstine ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 2 2/3 innings . Willy Aybar scored on field error by Ian Kinsler in the second	True
Willy Aybar scored on field error by Ian Kinsler in the second . Carl Crawford hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Carl Crawford hit 2 RBI single in the second . Justin Smoak hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Justin Smoak hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Michael Young hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Michael Young hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Vladimir Guerrero hit 3 RBI double in the fourth	True
Vladimir Guerrero hit 3 RBI double in the fourth . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Randy Wolf ( 4 - 5 ) allowed 5 runs , 6 hits and 4 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Colby Rasmus hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Colby Rasmus hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Ryan Ludwick hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Ryan Ludwick hit 2 RBI double in the eighth . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Vin Mazzaro ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 9 hits and 1 walks in 3 1/3 innings . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the first . Kurt Suzuki hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Kurt Suzuki hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Kurt Suzuki hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Kurt Suzuki hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Mark Ellis hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Mark Ellis hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Gabe Gross hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Gabe Gross hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jeremy Hermida hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jeremy Hermida hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Rajai Davis hit a RBI single in the seventh	False
Rajai Davis hit a RBI single in the seventh . Jack Cust hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jack Cust hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Kevin Kouzmanoff hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Kevin Kouzmanoff hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Marco Scutaro hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Marco Scutaro hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Bill Hall hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jered Weaver ( 5 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Kevin Frandsen hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Kevin Frandsen hit 1 RBI single in the second . Torii Hunter hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Torii Hunter hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . David DeJesus hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
David DeJesus hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Willie Bloomquist hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Pedro Strop ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the first . Matt Treanor hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Matt Treanor hit 2 RBI double in the first . Omar Vizquel hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Omar Vizquel hit 1 RBI double in the first . Michael Young hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Michael Young hit 1 RBI double in the second . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the second . Matt Treanor hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Matt Treanor hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Michael Young hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Michael Young hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Paul Konerko hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Carlos Villanueva ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Jorge Cantu hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jorge Cantu hit 1 RBI single in the third . Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Yovani Gallardo hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Yovani Gallardo hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . George Kottaras hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
George Kottaras hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Craig Counsell hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Craig Counsell hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Garrett Olson ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Jim Thome hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Jim Thome hit 2 RBI homer in the second . J. J. Hardy scored on field error by Josh Wilson in the third	True
J. J. Hardy scored on field error by Josh Wilson in the third . Alexi Casilla hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Alexi Casilla hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Josh Wilson hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	False
Robbie Weinhardt ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Will Rhymes hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Will Rhymes hit 1 RBI double in the first . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jhonny Peralta hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Marco Scutaro hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Marco Scutaro hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Jeff Frazier scored on wild pitch by Tim Wakefield in the eighth	True
Jeff Frazier scored on wild pitch by Tim Wakefield in the eighth . David Ortiz hit 4 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Burke Badenhop ( 1 - 5 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Chase Headley hit 1 RBI single in the first . Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI single in the third . Cody Ross hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Cody Ross hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Gaby Sanchez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Gaby Sanchez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Koji Uehara ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Rick Ankiel hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Rick Ankiel hit 1 RBI double in the first . Wilson Betemit hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Wilson Betemit hit 2 RBI single in the first . Ty Wigginton hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Ty Wigginton hit 1 RBI double in the third . Mitch Maier hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Mitch Maier hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Ty Wigginton hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Ty Wigginton hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Ty Wigginton scored on field error by Wilson Betemit in the eighth	True
Ty Wigginton scored on field error by Wilson Betemit in the eighth . Alex Gordon hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Alex Sanabia ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 7 runs , 9 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Aubrey Huff hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Aubrey Huff hit 1 RBI single in the first . Juan Uribe hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Juan Uribe hit 2 RBI single in the first . Aaron Rowand hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Aaron Rowand hit 1 RBI single in the first . Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI double in the third . Juan Uribe hit 2 RBI triple in the third	True
Juan Uribe hit 2 RBI triple in the third . Juan Uribe scored on wild pitch by Jorge Sosa in the third	True
Juan Uribe scored on wild pitch by Jorge Sosa in the third . Ronny Paulino hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Ronny Paulino hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Andres Torres hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Andres Torres hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Donnie Murphy hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Donnie Murphy hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh . Dan Uggla hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Dan Uggla hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Andres Torres hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	False
Jordan Norberto ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in innings . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI single in the third . Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jayson Werth hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Jayson Werth hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Ryan Howard hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Ryan Howard hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Cody Ransom hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Gio Gonzalez ( 9 - 6 ) allowed 1 runs , 5 hits and 3 walks in 6 innings . Vladimir Guerrero hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Vladimir Guerrero hit 1 RBI double in the first . Kurt Suzuki hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Kurt Suzuki hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Nelson Cruz hit 2 RBI homer in the tenth	False
Clay Buchholz ( 11 - 5 ) allowed 1 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the second . David Ortiz hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
David Ortiz hit 1 RBI homer in the third . David Ortiz hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
David Ortiz hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Hideki Matsui hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Hideki Matsui hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . J. D. Drew hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Ervin Santana ( 9 - 7 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 8 innings . Jeff Mathis hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Jeff Mathis hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth	False
Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth . Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Michael Young hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Michael Young hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Maicer Izturis hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Maicer Izturis hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Tim Lincecum ( 10 - 4 ) allowed 5 runs , 7 hits and 3 walks in 4 2/3 innings . Xavier Paul hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Xavier Paul hit 1 RBI double in the first . Andre Ethier hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Andre Ethier hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Blake DeWitt hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Blake DeWitt hit 1 RBI single in the third . Casey Blake hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Casey Blake hit 1 RBI double in the third . Pablo Sandoval hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Pablo Sandoval hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Andres Torres hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Andres Torres hit 2 RBI double in the ninth . Buster Posey hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Wade Davis ( 7 - 9 ) allowed 1 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 8 innings . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI double in the second . Matt Joyce hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Matt Joyce hit 1 RBI double in the third . Jason Bartlett hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Jason Bartlett hit 2 RBI single in the third . Carl Crawford hit 1 RBI triple in the third	True
Carl Crawford hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the third . Cesar Izturis hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Madison Bumgarner ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 5 2/3 innings . Buster Posey hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Buster Posey hit 1 RBI single in the third . Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI double in the third . Nate Schierholtz hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Nate Schierholtz hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Rafael Furcal hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Manny Parra ( 3 - 7 ) allowed 10 runs , 10 hits and 2 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Rickie Weeks hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Rickie Weeks hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Matt Diaz hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Matt Diaz hit 1 RBI double in the second . Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the third	False
Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the third . Brian McCann hit 4 RBI homer in the third	True
Brian McCann hit 4 RBI homer in the third . Matt Diaz hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Matt Diaz hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Rickie Weeks hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Rickie Weeks hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Matt Diaz hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Matt Diaz hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
James Shields ( 7 - 9 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 3 walks in 6 innings . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI double in the third . Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI single in the third . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Jorge Posada hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jorge Posada hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Gio Gonzalez ( 8 - 6 ) allowed 1 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Kevin Kouzmanoff scored on field error by Zack Greinke in the second	True
Kevin Kouzmanoff scored on field error by Zack Greinke in the second . Kevin Kouzmanoff hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Kevin Kouzmanoff hit 2 RBI single in the third . Mark Ellis hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Sergio Santos ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI homer in the second . J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI single in the second . Nick Punto hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Nick Punto hit 1 RBI single in the second . Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the second . Joe Mauer hit 3 RBI double in the second	True
Joe Mauer hit 3 RBI double in the second . Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Garrett Olson ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the first . Erick Aybar hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Erick Aybar hit 2 RBI single in the second . Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI double in the second . Ichiro Suzuki hit 3 RBI double in the fifth	True
Ichiro Suzuki hit 3 RBI double in the fifth . Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	False
Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Bobby Abreu hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Bobby Abreu hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Jeff Mathis hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Tommy Hunter ( 6 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Vladimir Guerrero hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Vladimir Guerrero hit 1 RBI single in the first . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI double in the first . Nelson Cruz hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Nelson Cruz hit 2 RBI single in the first . Bengie Molina hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Bengie Molina hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI double in the third . J. D. Drew hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
J. D. Drew hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Bill Hall hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Burke Badenhop ( 0 - 5 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Justin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Justin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the third . Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Jorge Cantu hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jorge Cantu hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Chris Snyder hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Chris Snyder hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Ronny Paulino hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Evan Meek ( 4 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Corey Hart hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Corey Hart hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the third . Lastings Milledge hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Lastings Milledge hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Pedro Alvarez hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Pedro Alvarez hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . George Kottaras hit 1 RBI triple in the ninth	False
George Kottaras hit 1 RBI triple in the ninth . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	False
Carlos Marmol ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Kosuke Fukudome hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Kosuke Fukudome hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Aramis Ramirez hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Aramis Ramirez hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Ryan Theriot hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Ryan Theriot hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Aramis Ramirez hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Aramis Ramirez hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Justin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Jason Berken ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Alex Avila hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Alex Avila hit 1 RBI single in the second . Nick Markakis hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Nick Markakis hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Felix Pie hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Felix Pie hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Brennan Boesch hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Brennan Boesch hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Brandon Inge hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth	True
Brandon Inge hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth . Julio Lugo hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Julio Lugo hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Johnny Damon hit 2 RBI homer in the 11th	False
Matt Maloney ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 5 2/3 innings . Johan Santana hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Johan Santana hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Jason Bay hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Clay Hensley ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Dan Uggla hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Dan Uggla hit 2 RBI single in the first . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Gio Gonzalez ( 7 - 5 ) allowed 0 runs , 5 hits and 4 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Mark Ellis hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Matt Reynolds ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Madison Bumgarner hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Madison Bumgarner hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Melvin Mora hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Melvin Mora hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Andres Torres hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Andres Torres hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Buster Posey hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Jesse Chavez ( 5 - 4 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI single in the second . Wilson Betemit hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Wilson Betemit hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Wilson Betemit hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Wilson Betemit hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the tenth	True
Felix Doubront ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Dan Johnson hit 1 RBI homer in the tenth	True
Burke Badenhop ( 1 - 5 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Matt Diaz hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Matt Diaz hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the second . Brian McCann hit 3 RBI double in the second	True
Brian McCann hit 3 RBI double in the second . Martin Prado hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Martin Prado hit 2 RBI single in the third . Eric Hinske hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Eric Hinske hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Matt Diaz scored on field error by Logan Morrison in the fourth	True
Matt Diaz scored on field error by Logan Morrison in the fourth . Martin Prado hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Martin Prado hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Donnie Murphy hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Donnie Murphy hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Brad Davis hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Armando Gabino ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Carlos Quentin hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Carlos Quentin hit 1 RBI single in the first . Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI single in the third . Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Alex Rios hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Alex Rios hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Mark Teahen hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Mark Teahen hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Alex Rios hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Peter Moylan ( 5 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in innings . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the first . Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the first . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Brian McCann hit 1 RBI single in the second . Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI double in the second . Seth Smith hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Seth Smith hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jair Jurrjens hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Jair Jurrjens hit 1 RBI double in the third . Omar Infante hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Omar Infante hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Dexter Fowler hit 2 RBI triple in the fifth	False
Dexter Fowler hit 2 RBI triple in the fifth . Seth Smith hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Seth Smith hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Ryan Spilborghs hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	False
Ryan Spilborghs hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Carlos Gonzalez hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Carlos Gonzalez hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Todd Helton hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Takashi Saito ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Carlos Gonzalez hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Alex Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Alex Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Seth Smith hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Seth Smith hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Alex Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Alex Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Dexter Fowler hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Peter Moylan ( 5 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Koyie Hill hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Koyie Hill hit 1 RBI single in the second . Omar Infante hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Omar Infante hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Alex Gonzalez hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Alex Gonzalez hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Rick Ankiel hit 3 RBI triple in the ninth	False
Homer Bailey ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the second . Ryan Theriot hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ryan Theriot hit 1 RBI single in the third . Brandon Phillips hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	False
Bronson Arroyo ( 13 - 7 ) allowed 2 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 7 1/3 innings . Kelly Johnson hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Kelly Johnson hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Scott Rolen hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Scott Rolen hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Paul Janish hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Paul Janish hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Paul Janish scored on wild pitch by < pitcher > in the ninth	True
Paul Janish scored on wild pitch by < pitcher > in the ninth . Scott Rolen hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	True
Kyle Kendrick ( 8 - 5 ) allowed 1 runs , 6 hits and 1 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI double in the third . Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Placido Polanco hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Placido Polanco hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Armando Gabino ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Adam Jones hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Adam Jones hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Sean Rodriguez hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Sean Rodriguez hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Kelly Shoppach hit 4 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Kelly Shoppach hit 4 RBI homer in the fourth . Willy Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Willy Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Kelly Shoppach hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Clayton Kershaw ( 10 - 7 ) allowed 2 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Ronnie Belliard hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Ronnie Belliard hit 1 RBI single in the first . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI single in the first . Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Matt Kemp hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Matt Kemp hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Casey Blake hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Casey Blake hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Jayson Werth hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jayson Werth hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Ben Francisco hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Ben Francisco hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Wilson Valdez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Wilson Valdez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Placido Polanco , Mike Sweeney scored on field error by Casey Blake in the ninth	False
Placido Polanco , Mike Sweeney scored on field error by Casey Blake in the ninth . Carlos Ruiz hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	True
James McDonald ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 4 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 4 2/3 innings . Adrian Gonzalez scored on wild pitch by James McDonald in the fourth	True
Adrian Gonzalez scored on wild pitch by James McDonald in the fourth . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Jerry Hairston hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Jerry Hairston hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Ryan Doumit hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Ryan Doumit hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Neil Walker hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Carlos Monasterios ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the first . Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI double in the third . Jay Gibbons hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jay Gibbons hit 1 RBI single in the third . Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . James Loney hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
James Loney hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Casey Blake hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Casey Blake hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Ross Gload hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Ross Gload hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . James Loney hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
James Loney hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Jay Gibbons hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jay Gibbons hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Domonic Brown hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Domonic Brown hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Matt Kemp hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Matt Kemp hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Ross Gload hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Ross Gload hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Casey Blake hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Casey Blake hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Domonic Brown hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Michael Kohn ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Alberto Callaspo scored on wild pitch by Rick Porcello in the fourth	True
Alberto Callaspo scored on wild pitch by Rick Porcello in the fourth . Don Kelly hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Don Kelly hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Will Rhymes hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Will Rhymes hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Johnny Damon hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Johnny Damon hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jeff Mathis hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jeff Mathis hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Alex Avila hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Alex Avila hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Will Rhymes hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Will Rhymes hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Johnny Damon hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Johnny Damon hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Jesse Chavez ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Casey Kotchman hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Casey Kotchman hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Chone Figgins hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Chone Figgins hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Gavin Floyd ( 8 - 8 ) allowed 2 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Adam Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Ty Wigginton hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ty Wigginton hit 1 RBI single in the third . Carlos Quentin hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Carlos Quentin hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Alex Rios hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Alex Rios hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Francisco Rodriguez ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Jeff Francoeur hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Chris Sale ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in innings . Ty Wigginton hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Ty Wigginton hit 1 RBI single in the first . Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	True
Jonathon Niese ( 7 - 5 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 5 walks in 7 innings . Placido Polanco hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Placido Polanco hit 1 RBI double in the first . Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI single in the third . Josh Thole hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Josh Thole hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Ben Francisco hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ben Francisco hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Jimmy Rollins hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jimmy Rollins hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Mike Sweeney hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Mike Sweeney hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Mike Hessman hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Drew Storen ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Adam LaRoche scored on field error by Adam Dunn in the second	True
Adam LaRoche scored on field error by Adam Dunn in the second . Bobby Crosby hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Bobby Crosby hit 1 RBI double in the second . Adam Kennedy hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Adam Kennedy hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Barry Enright hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Barry Enright hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Justin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Justin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Rusty Ryal hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Rusty Ryal hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Roger Bernadina hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Roger Bernadina hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Edward Mujica ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 5 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI single in the second . Scott Podsednik hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Scott Podsednik hit 2 RBI single in the second . Ronnie Belliard hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Ronnie Belliard hit 1 RBI double in the third . Vicente Padilla hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Vicente Padilla hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Ryan Theriot hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Ryan Theriot hit 2 RBI double in the eighth . Andre Ethier hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Craig Stammen ( 4 - 4 ) allowed 1 runs , 6 hits and 4 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Adam Dunn hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Adam Dunn hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Adam Kennedy hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Adam Kennedy hit 1 RBI single in the third . Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Adam Kennedy hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Adam Kennedy hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Michael Morse hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Michael Morse hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Bud Norris ( 4 - 7 ) allowed 4 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Carlos Lee scored on field error by Aaron Miles in the second	True
Carlos Lee scored on field error by Aaron Miles in the second . Jason Bourgeois hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jason Bourgeois hit 1 RBI double in the second . Angel Sanchez hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Angel Sanchez hit 2 RBI double in the second . Pedro Feliz hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Pedro Feliz hit 1 RBI single in the third . Allen Craig hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Allen Craig hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Skip Schumaker hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Skip Schumaker hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Angel Sanchez hit 3 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Angel Sanchez hit 3 RBI triple in the sixth . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Chris Johnson hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Chris Johnson hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Brett Wallace hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Brett Wallace hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Angel Sanchez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Angel Sanchez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Pedro Feliz hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Pedro Feliz hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Geoff Blum hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Geoff Blum hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Joakim Soria ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Matt Watson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Matt Watson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Kurt Suzuki hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Justin Thomas ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ronny Cedeno hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Ronny Cedeno hit 1 RBI single in the second . Adam Wainwright hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Adam Wainwright hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Aaron Miles hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Aaron Miles hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jon Jay hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Jon Jay hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Aaron Miles hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Vin Mazzaro ( 6 - 8 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Mark Ellis hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Mark Ellis hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jack Cust hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Jack Cust hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Chris Carter hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Chris Carter hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Cliff Pennington hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Fernando Abad ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Ramon Troncoso ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Matt Kemp hit 4 RBI homer in the third	True
Matt Kemp hit 4 RBI homer in the third . Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI homer in the third . James Loney hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
James Loney hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Ryan Spilborghs hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Hiroki Kuroda ( 11 - 13 ) allowed 5 runs , 6 hits and 1 walks in 6 1/3 innings . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Rafael Furcal hit 1 RBI triple in the third	True
Rafael Furcal hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Rafael Furcal scored on field error by Melvin Mora in the third	True
Rafael Furcal scored on field error by Melvin Mora in the third . Matt Kemp hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Matt Kemp hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Casey Blake hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Casey Blake hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the third . James Loney hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
James Loney hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Todd Helton hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Todd Helton hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Dexter Fowler hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Dexter Fowler hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Rafael Furcal hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Rafael Furcal hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth . Casey Blake hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Hung-Chih Kuo ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Casey Blake hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Casey Blake hit 2 RBI single in the first . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . A. J. Ellis hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Burke Badenhop ( 2 - 5 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI single in the third . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Ozzie Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Ozzie Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Joe Inglett hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Joe Inglett hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Daniel Bard ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jed Lowrie hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
Jed Lowrie hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI homer in the third	False
Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Marco Scutaro hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Marco Scutaro hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Bill Hall hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Bill Hall hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Nick Swisher hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Nick Swisher hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Alex Rodriguez hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Alex Rodriguez hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jake McGee ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Marcus Thames hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Marcus Thames hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the third . Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Rocco Baldelli hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Rocco Baldelli hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Willy Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Willy Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . B. J. Upton hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
B. J. Upton hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Carl Crawford hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Henry Villar ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Jeff Keppinger hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Jeff Keppinger hit 1 RBI double in the first . Michael Morse hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Michael Morse hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Michael Morse hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Michael Morse hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Roger Bernadina hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Roger Bernadina hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Danny Espinosa hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Justin Masterson ( 6 - 13 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Travis Hafner hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Travis Hafner hit 1 RBI double in the first . Jim Thome hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Jim Thome hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Drew Sutton hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Drew Sutton hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Luis Valbuena hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Luis Valbuena hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Danny Valencia hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Danny Valencia hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Delmon Young hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Orlando Hudson hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	True
Garrett Olson ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jose Lopez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jose Lopez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Vernon Wells hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Vernon Wells hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Travis Snider hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Travis Snider hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Jose Lopez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Jose Lopez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Chone Figgins hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Koji Uehara ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Bill Hall hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Bill Hall hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Luke Scott hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jesse Chavez ( 5 - 5 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Ramon Santiago hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Ramon Santiago hit 1 RBI single in the second . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the third . Alex Avila hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Alex Avila hit 2 RBI single in the third . Yuniesky Betancourt hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Yuniesky Betancourt hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Wilson Betemit hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Wilson Betemit hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Will Rhymes hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Will Rhymes hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Alex Avila hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Derek Holland ( 3 - 4 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 3 walks in 3 2/3 innings . Brandon Wood hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Brandon Wood hit 1 RBI single in the second . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jeff Mathis hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Jeff Mathis hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Torii Hunter hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Torii Hunter hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Hideki Matsui hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Hideki Matsui hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Justin Verlander ( 17 - 8 ) allowed 3 runs , 6 hits and 1 walks in 9 innings . Ryan Raburn hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Ryan Raburn hit 2 RBI single in the first . Will Rhymes hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Will Rhymes hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Mark Teahen hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Mark Teahen hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Alex Rios hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Alex Rios hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Scott Sizemore hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jordan Zimmermann ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 5 runs , 9 hits and 1 walks in 3 innings . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI triple in the first	True
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI triple in the first . Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Wilson Valdez hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Wilson Valdez hit 1 RBI double in the second . Ryan Howard hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Ryan Howard hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Michael Morse hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Luke Gregerson ( 3 - 7 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Jon Jay scored on wild pitch by Chris Young in the third	True
Jon Jay scored on wild pitch by Chris Young in the third . David Eckstein hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
David Eckstein hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Skip Schumaker scored on wild pitch by Ryan Webb in the fifth	True
Skip Schumaker scored on wild pitch by Ryan Webb in the fifth . Will Venable hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Will Venable hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Miguel Tejada hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Miguel Tejada hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Pedro Feliz hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Pedro Feliz hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Ryan Ludwick hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Ryan Ludwick hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth . Matt Stairs hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Mat Latos ( 14 - 7 ) allowed 8 runs , 9 hits and 2 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Miguel Tejada hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Miguel Tejada hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI double in the first . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the first . Will Venable hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Will Venable hit 1 RBI single in the second . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the second . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the second . Yadier Molina hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Yadier Molina hit 2 RBI single in the second . Tyler Greene hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Tyler Greene hit 1 RBI double in the second . Aaron Cunningham hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Aaron Cunningham hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Pedro Feliz hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Pedro Feliz hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Skip Schumaker hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Skip Schumaker hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
David Robertson ( 4 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Adam Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Robert Andino hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Robert Andino hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Alex Rodriguez hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Andrew Cashner ( 2 - 5 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI double in the second . Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Juan Gutierrez ( 0 - 6 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jonny Gomes hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Jonny Gomes hit 1 RBI double in the first . Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Hideki Okajima ( 4 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Russell Branyan hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Russell Branyan hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . David Ortiz scored on field error by Chone Figgins in the sixth	True
David Ortiz scored on field error by Chone Figgins in the sixth . Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	True
Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Ryan Kalish hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth	False
David Robertson ( 3 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Robinson Cano hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Robinson Cano hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Carlos Pena hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Carlos Pena hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . John Jaso hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
John Jaso hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Matt Joyce hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Matt Joyce hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Willy Aybar hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Willy Aybar hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Jorge Posada hit 1 RBI homer in the tenth	False
Luke Gregerson ( 3 - 7 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Miguel Tejada hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Miguel Tejada hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Miguel Tejada hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Miguel Tejada hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Troy Tulowitzki hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Oscar Salazar hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Brian Burres ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Andrew McCutchen hit 3 RBI double in the ninth	False
Mitchell Boggs ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Chris Carpenter hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Chris Carpenter hit 1 RBI single in the second . Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Matt Holliday hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Matt Holliday hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Chris Carpenter hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Chris Carpenter hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Brian McCann hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	False
Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Brendan Ryan scored on wild pitch by Jonny Venters in the seventh	True
Brendan Ryan scored on wild pitch by Jonny Venters in the seventh . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Clayton Kershaw ( 11 - 10 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI double in the third . Rafael Furcal hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jose Ceda ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in innings . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the first . Chad Tracy hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Chad Tracy hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Giancarlo Stanton hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Giancarlo Stanton hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Dan Uggla hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Dan Uggla hit 2 RBI double in the ninth . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Andy Sonnanstine ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 5 runs , 5 hits and 4 walks in 4 1/3 innings . Carl Crawford hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Carl Crawford hit 1 RBI single in the first . David Ortiz hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
David Ortiz hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI single in the second . David Ortiz hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
David Ortiz hit 1 RBI double in the second . Sean Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Sean Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ryan Kalish hit 4 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Marc Rzepczynski ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 5 runs , 6 hits and 3 walks in 4 innings . Lyle Overbay hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Lyle Overbay hit 1 RBI homer in the second . John McDonald hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
John McDonald hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI double in the third . Robinson Cano hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Robinson Cano hit 2 RBI single in the third . Francisco Cervelli scored on wild pitch by Marc Rzepczynski in the fourth	True
Francisco Cervelli scored on wild pitch by Marc Rzepczynski in the fourth . Lyle Overbay hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	True
Lyle Overbay hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Marcus Thames hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Roberto Hernandez ( 11 - 14 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 5 walks in 8 innings . Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Hisanori Takahashi ( 8 - 6 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Carlos Beltran hit a RBI triple in the first	True
Carlos Beltran hit a RBI triple in the first . Joaquin Arias hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Joaquin Arias hit 1 RBI single in the first . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Brian McCann hit 1 RBI homer in the second . David Wright hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
David Wright hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
David Herndon ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Chris Iannetta hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
Chris Iannetta hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Seth Smith hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Seth Smith hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Ryan Howard hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Ryan Howard hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Ben Francisco hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Ben Francisco hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Chase Utley hit 4 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Chase Utley hit 4 RBI homer in the seventh . Jonathan Herrera hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Jonathan Herrera hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Dexter Fowler hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Ryan Perry ( 2 - 5 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Danny Valencia hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	True
Darren O'Day ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Michael Young hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Michael Young hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Joe Saunders ( 9 - 17 ) allowed 3 runs , 10 hits and 0 walks in 7 innings . Matt Kemp hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Matt Kemp hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ivan Nova ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 3 walks in 2 1/3 innings . Lars Anderson hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Lars Anderson hit 1 RBI single in the first . Felipe Lopez hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Felipe Lopez hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Daniel Nava scored on field error by Lance Berkman in the fourth	True
Daniel Nava scored on field error by Lance Berkman in the fourth . Francisco Cervelli hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Francisco Cervelli hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Lance Berkman scored on wild pitch by Hideki Okajima in the seventh	True
Lance Berkman scored on wild pitch by Hideki Okajima in the seventh . Daniel Nava hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Daniel Nava hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Eric Patterson hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	True
Luke Gregerson ( 4 - 7 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Adrian Gonzalez hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Matt Stairs hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Matt Stairs hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . David Eckstein scored on wild pitch by Dan Runzler in the fifth	True
David Eckstein scored on wild pitch by Dan Runzler in the fifth . Freddy Sanchez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Freddy Sanchez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Aaron Rowand hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Aaron Rowand hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Andres Torres hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Ricky Romero ( 14 - 9 ) allowed 2 runs , 6 hits and 0 walks in 8 innings . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Delmon Young hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . John Buck hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
John Buck hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Edwin Encarnacion hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Marc Rzepczynski ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Russell Martin hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Russell Martin hit 1 RBI single in the second . Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI single in the second . Eric Chavez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Eric Chavez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Brett Gardner hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Brett Gardner hit 1 RBI single in the third . Mike McCoy hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Alex Burnett ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Luke Hughes hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Luke Hughes hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth	False
Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth . Danny Valencia hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	False
Danny Valencia hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Chris Getz hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jim Johnson ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . A. J. Pierzynski hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
A. J. Pierzynski hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Juan Pierre hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Juan Pierre hit 1 RBI single in the second . Brian Roberts hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Brian Roberts hit 1 RBI single in the third . Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI single in the third . Luke Scott hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Luke Scott hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Matt Wieters hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Matt Wieters hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Brent Lillibridge hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Brent Lillibridge hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Matt Wieters hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Matt Wieters hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Brian Roberts hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Michael Pineda ( 4 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 3 walks in 6 innings . Alex Avila hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Alex Avila hit 2 RBI double in the second . Ichiro Suzuki hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Ichiro Suzuki hit 1 RBI double in the third . Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Luis Antonio Rodriguez hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Nate Adcock ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 3 innings . Travis Hafner hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Travis Hafner hit 1 RBI single in the first . Orlando Cabrera hit 3 RBI double in the first	True
Orlando Cabrera hit 3 RBI double in the first . Jack Hannahan hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jack Hannahan hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jeff Francoeur hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Jeff Francoeur hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Marc Rzepczynski ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI single in the third . Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the third . Michael Young hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Michael Young hit 2 RBI double in the third . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the third . Mike Napoli hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Mike Napoli hit 2 RBI double in the third . Mike McCoy hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Mike McCoy hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jose Bautista hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Jose Bautista hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Mitch Moreland hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jesse Litsch ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Adam Lind hit 1 RBI single in the first . John McDonald hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
John McDonald hit 1 RBI single in the first . Yorvit Torrealba hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Yorvit Torrealba hit 1 RBI single in the second . Julio Borbon hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Julio Borbon hit 2 RBI single in the second . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Adam Lind hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Travis Snider hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Travis Snider hit 1 RBI single in the third . Adam Lind hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Marc Rzepczynski ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Corey Patterson hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Corey Patterson hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Juan Rivera hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Juan Rivera hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Yorvit Torrealba hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Yorvit Torrealba hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Michael Young hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Michael Young hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Matt Reynolds ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Omar Infante hit 3 RBI triple in the fifth	True
Omar Infante hit 3 RBI triple in the fifth . Jonathan Herrera hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Jonathan Herrera hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Giancarlo Stanton hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	True
David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Curtis Granderson hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Curtis Granderson hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Mark Reynolds hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Mark Reynolds hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Brian Roberts hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Brian Roberts hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Russell Martin hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Russell Martin hit 1 RBI single in the 11th . Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI single in the 11th . Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Jeff Gray ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Ryan Raburn hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ryan Raburn hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Alex Avila hit 2 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Alex Avila hit 2 RBI triple in the fourth . Brandon Inge hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Brandon Inge hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Ryan Raburn hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Daniel Hudson ( 0 - 4 ) allowed 7 runs , 5 hits and 4 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI single in the first . Miguel Cairo hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Miguel Cairo hit 2 RBI single in the first . Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Ramon Hernandez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Ramon Hernandez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Paul Janish hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Paul Janish hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Evan Meek ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Chris Coghlan hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Chris Coghlan hit 2 RBI single in the second . Omar Infante hit a RBI single in the second	True
Omar Infante hit a RBI single in the second . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the second . Emilio Bonifacio hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Emilio Bonifacio hit 1 RBI single in the third . Chris Coghlan hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Fernando Abad ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI single in the first . J. R. Towles hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
J. R. Towles hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Angel Sanchez scored on field error by Scott Hairston in the seventh	True
Angel Sanchez scored on field error by Scott Hairston in the seventh . Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Angel Sanchez hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Rich Thompson ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Mitch Moreland hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Mitch Moreland hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Adrian Beltre hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Adrian Beltre hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Mitch Moreland hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Evan Meek ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jose Tabata hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jose Tabata hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jonny Gomes hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Jonny Gomes hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Paul Janish hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Paul Janish hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Miguel Cairo hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Miguel Cairo hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Scott Rolen hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Scott Rolen hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Garrett Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Garrett Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . John Bowker hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
John Bowker hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Zach Braddock ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Doug Fister ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 5 runs , 8 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Alex Gordon hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Alex Gordon hit 2 RBI double in the third . Billy Butler hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Billy Butler hit 1 RBI single in the third . Wilson Betemit hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Fernando Salas ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the first . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the second . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the third . Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI double in the third . Ryan Theriot hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ryan Theriot hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Lance Berkman scored on wild pitch by Hiroki Kuroda in the fifth	True
Lance Berkman scored on wild pitch by Hiroki Kuroda in the fifth . Matt Holliday hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	True
Matt Holliday hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Matt Reynolds ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI double in the first . Angel Pagan scored on wild pitch by Esmil Rogers in the second	True
Angel Pagan scored on wild pitch by Esmil Rogers in the second . Todd Helton hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Todd Helton hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Troy Tulowitzki hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Troy Tulowitzki hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Ryan Spilborghs hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Tim Collins ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Matt Tolbert hit a RBI double in the first	True
Matt Tolbert hit a RBI double in the first . Billy Butler hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Billy Butler hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jeff Francoeur hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jeff Francoeur hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Mike Aviles hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Mike Aviles hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Alcides Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Alcides Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Chris Getz hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Chris Getz hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jason Kubel hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Jason Kubel hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Delmon Young hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Delmon Young hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Alex Gordon hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Matt Reynolds ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Seth Smith hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Seth Smith hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jose Lopez hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Jose Lopez hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the third . Lyle Overbay hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Lyle Overbay hit 2 RBI double in the third . Jason Giambi hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Casey Coleman ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 4 runs , 9 hits and 1 walks in 5 innings . Aramis Ramirez hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Aramis Ramirez hit 2 RBI double in the first . Prince Fielder hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Prince Fielder hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Darwin Barney hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Darwin Barney hit 1 RBI single in the second . Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the third . Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Casey McGehee hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Rafael Perez ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Shelley Duncan hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Shelley Duncan hit 1 RBI double in the first . Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI double in the second . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the second . Orlando Cabrera hit a RBI double in the third	True
Orlando Cabrera hit a RBI double in the third . Jack Hannahan hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Jack Hannahan hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Ryan Langerhans hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Ryan Langerhans hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Michael Saunders hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
David Robertson ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Eric Chavez hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Eric Chavez hit 1 RBI double in the second . Russell Martin hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Russell Martin hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Dustin Pedroia hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Dustin Pedroia hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Curtis Granderson hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Curtis Granderson hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Russell Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Blake Hawksworth ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Orlando Hudson hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Orlando Hudson hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Tony Gwynn Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	False
Tony Gwynn Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the 11th . Aaron Miles scored on wild pitch by Pat Neshek in the 11th	True
Drew Storen ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the first . Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Adam LaRoche hit 2 RBI homer in the 11th	False
Jose Mijares ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jim Thome hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Jim Thome hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Jason Kubel hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Jason Kubel hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Andruw Jones hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Andruw Jones hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Brett Gardner hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Esmil Rogers ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 7 1/3 innings . Dexter Fowler scored on field error by Neil Walker in the first	True
Dexter Fowler scored on field error by Neil Walker in the first . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Ryan Spilborghs hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Doug Slaten ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI single in the second . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . John Buck hit 3 RBI triple in the fifth	False
John Buck hit 3 RBI triple in the fifth . Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Chris Coghlan scored on field error by Ian Desmond in the sixth	True
Taylor Buchholz ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Willie Harris hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Willie Harris hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Ike Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Ike Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI double in the third . Lucas Duda , Daniel Murphy scored on field error by Emilio Bonifacio in the third	True
Lucas Duda , Daniel Murphy scored on field error by Emilio Bonifacio in the third . Gaby Sanchez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Jim Johnson ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI single in the third . Brian Roberts hit 2 RBI triple in the fifth	False
Brian Roberts hit 2 RBI triple in the fifth . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Dan Runzler ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI double in the third . Brandon Belt hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Brandon Belt hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Rod Barajas scored on field error by Jonathan Sanchez in the sixth	True
Rod Barajas scored on field error by Jonathan Sanchez in the sixth . Rafael Furcal hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Tim Collins ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2 1/3 innings . Adrian Beltre hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Adrian Beltre hit 2 RBI double in the first . Mitch Moreland hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Mitch Moreland hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Endy Chavez hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Endy Chavez hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Nelson Cruz hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Sergio Romo ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Freddy Sanchez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Freddy Sanchez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Brandon Crawford hit 4 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Brandon Crawford hit 4 RBI homer in the seventh . Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Johnny Cueto ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Scott Rolen hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Scott Rolen hit 1 RBI single in the first . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI double in the second . Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Brandon Phillips hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Brandon Phillips hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Jay Bruce hit 3 RBI double in the ninth	False
Jeff Gray ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Jason Kubel hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jason Kubel hit 1 RBI single in the first . Miguel Olivo hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Miguel Olivo hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Denard Span hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Fernando Salas ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Matt Holliday hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Michael O'Connor ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Justin Turner hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Justin Turner hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Al Alburquerque ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 1/3 innings . Andy Dirks hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Andy Dirks hit 1 RBI single in the second . J. D. Drew hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
J. D. Drew hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . David Ortiz hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
David Ortiz hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Brennan Boesch hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Brennan Boesch hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Carl Crawford hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Ryan Perry ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	True
Mark Melancon ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Brett Wallace hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Brett Wallace hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Brian McCann hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Brian McCann hit 2 RBI homer in the 11th	False
Colby Lewis ( 4 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 9 innings . Michael Young hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Michael Young hit 1 RBI double in the third . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ian Kinsler hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Carlos Villanueva ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Aaron Hill hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Aaron Hill hit 2 RBI double in the first . Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the second . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the third . John McDonald hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
John McDonald hit 2 RBI single in the third . Jose Molina hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jose Molina hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Corey Patterson hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	False
Corey Patterson hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jose Bautista hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Ryota Igarashi ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Brett Wallace hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Brett Wallace hit 1 RBI double in the first . Chris Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Chris Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the first . Bill Hall hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Bill Hall hit 1 RBI single in the first . Justin Turner hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Justin Turner hit 1 RBI single in the third . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Bill Hall hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Bill Hall hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Matt Downs hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Matt Downs hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jeremy Guthrie ( 1 - 6 ) allowed 3 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 8 innings . Matt Joyce hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Matt Joyce hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Johnny Damon hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jason Vargas ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 9 innings . Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI single in the 12th	True
Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI single in the 12th . J. J. Hardy hit 2 RBI single in the 12th	False
Blake Hawksworth ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Matt Kemp hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Matt Kemp hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Jerry Sands hit a RBI single in the seventh	False
Jerry Sands hit a RBI single in the seventh . Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Aaron Miles hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Aaron Miles hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Justin Verlander ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 9 innings . Brandon Inge scored on wild pitch by Ricky Romero in the third	True
Brandon Inge scored on wild pitch by Ricky Romero in the third . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Alex Avila hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Alex Avila hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Logan Ondrusek ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Blake DeWitt hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Blake DeWitt hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Drew Stubbs hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Drew Stubbs hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Carlos Pena hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Carlos Pena hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Kosuke Fukudome hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Brandon Gomes ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI double in the second . Brandon Guyer hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Brandon Guyer hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Derrek Lee hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Casey Kotchman hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Casey Kotchman hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Johnny Damon hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Johnny Damon hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Luke Scott hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Boone Logan ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Eric Chavez hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Eric Chavez hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Eduardo Nunez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Eduardo Nunez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Brennan Boesch hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Brennan Boesch hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Magglio Ordonez , Ryan Raburn scored on field error by Eduardo Nunez in the seventh	True
Magglio Ordonez , Ryan Raburn scored on field error by Eduardo Nunez in the seventh . Brennan Boesch hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Brennan Boesch hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Brett Gardner hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Mitch Stetter ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the first . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the second . Eric Hinske hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Eric Hinske hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Nate McLouth hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Nate McLouth hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Freddie Freeman hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Pedro Beato ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 3 innings . Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Ronny Paulino hit 1 RBI double in the 14th	True
Ryan Mattheus ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI single in the first . Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Vernon Wells , Howie Kendrick scored on field error by Ian Desmond in the fifth	True
Vernon Wells , Howie Kendrick scored on field error by Ian Desmond in the fifth . Laynce Nix hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Laynce Nix hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Matt Stairs hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Matt Stairs hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Wilson Ramos , Matt Stairs scored on field error by Mark Trumbo in the sixth	True
Wilson Ramos , Matt Stairs scored on field error by Mark Trumbo in the sixth . Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Vernon Wells hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Vernon Wells hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Mark Trumbo hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Mark Trumbo hit 2 RBI double in the eighth . Hank Conger hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Tony Watson ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in innings . Alex Presley hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Alex Presley hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Matt Diaz hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Matt Diaz hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Garrett Jones hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Garrett Jones hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Alex Presley hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Alex Presley hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Neil Walker hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Neil Walker hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jose Bautista hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jose Bautista hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Eric Thames scored on field error by Chase d'Arnaud in the sixth	True
Eric Thames scored on field error by Chase d'Arnaud in the sixth . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Corey Patterson hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Corey Patterson hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Mike Leake ( 7 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 4 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI double in the first . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jonny Gomes hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jonny Gomes hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Brandon Phillips scored on field error by Ben Zobrist in the seventh	True
Ricky Romero ( 7 - 7 ) allowed 0 runs , 4 hits and 2 walks in 9 innings . J. P. Arencibia hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
J. P. Arencibia hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Ricky Romero hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Ricky Romero hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jeff Samardzija ( 5 - 4 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 1/3 innings . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Billy Butler hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Billy Butler hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Chris Getz hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
James Shields ( 8 - 4 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 9 innings . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the third . Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Chris Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Joey Devine ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . Ben Francisco hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	True
Sergio Romo ( 3 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Chris Stewart scored on field error by Guillermo Moscoso in the fifth	True
Chris Stewart scored on field error by Guillermo Moscoso in the fifth . Daric Barton hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Daric Barton hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Cliff Pennington hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Cliff Pennington hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Hideki Matsui hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Ernesto Frieri ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the first . Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI double in the first . Danny Valencia hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Danny Valencia hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Chase Headley hit 1 RBI double in the third . Ben Revere hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ben Revere hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Chase Headley hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Ryan Ludwick hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Yoshinori Tateyama ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI double in the second . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Brian McCann hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Josh Hamilton hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Josh Hamilton hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Nelson Cruz hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Nelson Cruz hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
David Herndon ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Brendan Ryan hit 1 RBI triple in the third	True
Brendan Ryan hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Brendan Ryan hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Brendan Ryan hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Tim Dillard ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Jeff Baker hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jeff Baker hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Corey Hart hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Corey Hart hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Casey McGehee hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Casey McGehee hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Corey Hart hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Corey Hart hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Reed Johnson hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Reed Johnson hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Yuniesky Betancourt hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Yuniesky Betancourt hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jason Berken ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Adam Lind hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Adam Lind hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jordan Walden ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the first . Adam Kennedy hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Adam Kennedy hit 1 RBI double in the first . Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI single in the second . Vernon Wells hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Vernon Wells hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Vernon Wells hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Vernon Wells hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Yoshinori Tateyama ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Alexi Casilla scored on wild pitch by Colby Lewis in the first	True
Alexi Casilla scored on wild pitch by Colby Lewis in the first . Brian Dinkelman hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Brian Dinkelman hit 2 RBI single in the first . Matt Tolbert hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Matt Tolbert hit 1 RBI single in the first . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the second . Alexi Casilla hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Alexi Casilla hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Delmon Young hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . David Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jeff Samardzija ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Domonic Brown hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Domonic Brown hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Placido Polanco hit 4 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Placido Polanco hit 4 RBI homer in the seventh . Aramis Ramirez hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Aramis Ramirez hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Luis Montanez hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jason Vargas ( 4 - 3 ) allowed 3 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 7 1/3 innings . Carlos Quentin hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Carlos Quentin hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Franklin Gutierrez hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Franklin Gutierrez hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Carlos Quentin hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Carlos Quentin hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Miguel Olivo hit 2 RBI double in the tenth	False
Eduardo Sanchez ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in innings . Lance Berkman hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Lance Berkman hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Carlos Lee hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Carlos Lee hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Jake Westbrook hit 3 RBI double in the fourth	True
Jake Westbrook hit 3 RBI double in the fourth . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Ryan Theriot hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Ryan Theriot hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Chris Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Kyle Drabek ( 4 - 4 ) allowed 5 runs , 9 hits and 3 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Adam Lind hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Adam Lind hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Jeff Francoeur hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jeff Francoeur hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jayson Nix hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jayson Nix hit 1 RBI double in the second . Jeff Francoeur hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jeff Francoeur hit 1 RBI single in the third . Mike McCoy hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Mike McCoy hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . J. P. Arencibia hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Alex Burnett ( 1 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Matt Tolbert hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Matt Tolbert hit 2 RBI single in the second . Drew Butera hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Drew Butera hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Drew Butera scored on wild pitch by Josh Tomlin in the fifth	True
Drew Butera scored on wild pitch by Josh Tomlin in the fifth . Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Delmon Young hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Asdrubal Cabrera scored on field error by Michael Cuddyer in the eighth	True
Zach Braddock ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in innings . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI single in the third . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Gaby Sanchez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Gaby Sanchez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Brett Hayes hit 4 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Brett Hayes hit 4 RBI homer in the sixth . Josh Wilson hit 1 RBI homer in the 11th	True
Jo-Jo Reyes ( 2 - 4 ) allowed 3 runs , 5 hits and 4 walks in 6 1/3 innings . Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI single in the first . Vladimir Guerrero hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Vladimir Guerrero hit 1 RBI double in the first . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Adam Lind hit 1 RBI single in the third . Yunel Escobar hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Yunel Escobar hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Adam Lind hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Adam Lind hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Bud Norris ( 3 - 4 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Chris Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Chris Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the second . Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI double in the third . Carlos Lee scored on field error by Jason Bartlett in the third	True
Carlos Lee scored on field error by Jason Bartlett in the third . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Chase Headley hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the third . Chris Johnson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Tyler Chatwood ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 7 2/3 innings . Billy Butler hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	True
Ryan Cook ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in innings . Ryan Roberts hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Ryan Roberts hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Collin Cowgill hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Collin Cowgill hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Dioner Navarro hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Dioner Navarro hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Gerardo Parra hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Gerardo Parra hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Tony Gwynn Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Bryan Shaw ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Matt Kemp hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Matt Kemp hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Justin Upton hit 3 RBI double in the sixth	True
Rex Brothers ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Troy Tulowitzki hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Ryan Ludwick hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Ryan Ludwick hit 2 RBI double in the first . Alberto Gonzalez hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Alberto Gonzalez hit 2 RBI double in the first . Ian Stewart hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Ian Stewart hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Eliezer Alfonzo hit 4 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Eliezer Alfonzo hit 4 RBI homer in the sixth . Chris Nelson hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Chris Nelson hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Jesus Guzman hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Scott Baker ( 8 - 6 ) allowed 2 runs , 8 hits and 0 walks in 7 innings . Michael Young hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Michael Young hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jim Thome hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jim Thome hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Josh Hamilton scored on field error by Danny Valencia in the eighth	True
Josh Hamilton scored on field error by Danny Valencia in the eighth . Mitch Moreland hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Joel Hanrahan ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Eric Hinske hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Eric Hinske hit 1 RBI double in the first . Kevin Correia hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Kevin Correia hit 1 RBI single in the second . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Dan Uggla hit a RBI single in the sixth	True
Dan Uggla hit a RBI single in the sixth . Andrew McCutchen hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Justin Verlander ( 14 - 5 ) allowed 4 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 8 innings . Adam Dunn hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Adam Dunn hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Paul Konerko hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Paul Konerko hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Wilson Betemit hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Barry Zito ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 6 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI double in the first . Raul Ibanez hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Raul Ibanez hit 3 RBI homer in the first . John Mayberry hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
John Mayberry hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Aaron Rowand hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Aaron Rowand hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jordan Lyles ( 0 - 5 ) allowed 3 runs , 9 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Clint Barmes hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Clint Barmes hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI double in the second . Darwin Barney hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Darwin Barney hit 1 RBI double in the second . Matt Garza hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Matt Garza hit 1 RBI single in the second . Carlos Lee hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Carlos Lee hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Jeff Baker hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	True
Josh Spence ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Chase Headley hit 1 RBI single in the first . Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI single in the first . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI double in the first . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Carlos Ruiz hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Carlos Ruiz hit 2 RBI double in the third . Alberto Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Enerio Del Rosario ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Marlon Byrd hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Marlon Byrd hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Brandon Gomes ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in innings . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the first . Desmond Jennings hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Desmond Jennings hit 1 RBI double in the second . Mike Moustakas hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Mike Moustakas hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Johnny Damon hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Johnny Damon hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI double in the tenth	False
Craig Kimbrel ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Dexter Fowler hit 2 RBI triple in the second	True
Dexter Fowler hit 2 RBI triple in the second . Jason Heyward hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Jason Heyward hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Seth Smith hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Seth Smith hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth . Brooks Conrad hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Brooks Conrad hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Phil Coke ( 1 - 8 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Brennan Boesch hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Brennan Boesch hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Danny Valencia hit a RBI single in the ninth	False
Henry Alberto Rodriguez ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI single in the first . Humberto Quintero hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Humberto Quintero hit 1 RBI double in the second . Jayson Werth hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jayson Werth hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Jason Michaels hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Jonny Venters ( 4 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Todd Helton hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Todd Helton hit 2 RBI homer in the first . David Ross hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
David Ross hit 1 RBI double in the second . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Clayton Kershaw ( 11 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 8 innings . Dioner Navarro hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Yoshinori Tateyama ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI double in the first . Howie Kendrick hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Howie Kendrick hit 2 RBI single in the first . Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI homer in the third . David Murphy hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
David Murphy hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Michael Young hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Michael Young hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Yorvit Torrealba hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Yorvit Torrealba hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Mike Trout hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Mike Trout hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Howie Kendrick hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jordan Zimmermann ( 6 - 8 ) allowed 6 runs , 7 hits and 0 walks in 5 innings . Clint Barmes hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Clint Barmes hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Michael Morse hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Michael Morse hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Clint Barmes hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Clint Barmes hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Humberto Quintero hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Humberto Quintero hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Michael Bourn hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Michael Bourn hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Jerry Hairston hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Jerry Hairston hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Michael Bourn hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Chris Leroux ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Jeff Keppinger hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Jeff Keppinger hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Neil Walker hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Neil Walker hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Lyle Overbay hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Lyle Overbay hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Brandon Wood hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Brandon Wood hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Neil Walker hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Neil Walker hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Humberto Quintero hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Humberto Quintero hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Michael Bourn hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Matt Reynolds ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Roger Bernadina hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Roger Bernadina hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Rick Ankiel hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
David Pauley ( 5 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 2/3 innings . Adam Kennedy hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Adam Kennedy hit 2 RBI single in the first . Mark Trumbo hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Mark Trumbo hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Alberto Callaspo hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Brandon Morrow ( 5 - 4 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 2 walks in 8 innings . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Adam Lind hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Jose Molina hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Jose Molina hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Grady Sizemore hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Grady Sizemore hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Adam Lind hit a RBI single in the fifth	True
Adam Lind hit a RBI single in the fifth . Travis Buck hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Travis Buck hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the tenth	True
Fautino De Los Santos ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the third . Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Michael Young hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Marc Rzepczynski ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Travis Snider hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Travis Snider hit 1 RBI single in the second . J. P. Arencibia hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
J. P. Arencibia hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Rajai Davis hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Rajai Davis hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Travis Hafner hit 4 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Josh Spence ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ryan Ludwick hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Ryan Ludwick hit 2 RBI double in the first . Jesus Guzman hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Jesus Guzman hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Nate Schierholtz hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Nate Schierholtz hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Rob Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	False
Rob Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Pablo Sandoval hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Pablo Sandoval hit 2 RBI double in the eighth . Nate Schierholtz hit 1 RBI homer in the 14th	True
David Purcey ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Vernon Wells hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Vernon Wells hit 1 RBI double in the first . Howie Kendrick hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Howie Kendrick hit 2 RBI single in the first . Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI single in the third . Andy Dirks hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Andy Dirks hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Josh Spence ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Orlando Hudson hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Orlando Hudson hit 1 RBI single in the first . Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Pablo Sandoval hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Pablo Sandoval hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Nick Hundley hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Nick Hundley hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Will Venable hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Will Venable hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Brandon Crawford hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Roy Halladay ( 11 - 3 ) allowed 3 runs , 8 hits and 1 walks in 9 innings . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Jimmy Rollins hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Jimmy Rollins hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . John McDonald hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
John McDonald hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Eric Thames hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Eric Thames hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Chase Utley hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Chase Utley hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Justin Masterson ( 6 - 6 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 8 innings . Grady Sizemore hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Grady Sizemore hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Grady Sizemore hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Grady Sizemore hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Travis Buck hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Travis Buck hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Tim Collins ( 4 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Austin Jackson scored on wild pitch by Nate Adcock in the third	True
Austin Jackson scored on wild pitch by Nate Adcock in the third . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Billy Butler hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Billy Butler hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Wilson Betemit hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Dan Haren ( 13 - 8 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 7 2/3 innings . Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the third . Mike Carp hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
James Shields ( 13 - 10 ) allowed 0 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 8 innings . John Jaso hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
John Jaso hit 1 RBI single in the second . Matt Joyce hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Matt Joyce hit 1 RBI single in the third . Johnny Damon hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Johnny Damon hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . David Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Brad Brach ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the first . Wade LeBlanc hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Wade LeBlanc hit 1 RBI single in the second . Rod Barajas hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Rod Barajas hit 2 RBI homer in the second . James Loney hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
James Loney hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Alberto Gonzalez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Burke Badenhop ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Justin Turner hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Justin Turner hit 1 RBI single in the second . Gaby Sanchez hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	True
Josh Kinney ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Dayan Viciedo hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Dayan Viciedo hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Tyler Flowers hit 4 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Tyler Flowers hit 4 RBI homer in the sixth . Brent Lillibridge hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Brent Lillibridge hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Josh Bard hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Fernando Rodriguez ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Jeff Keppinger hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	False
Kyle McClellan ( 9 - 6 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Yadier Molina hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Yadier Molina hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Jaime Garcia hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jaime Garcia hit 1 RBI single in the second . Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the third . David Freese hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
David Freese hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Darwin Barney hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Darwin Barney hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Blake DeWitt hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Blake DeWitt hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Tyler Colvin hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	True
Jo-Jo Reyes ( 6 - 10 ) allowed 5 runs , 8 hits and 3 walks in 5 innings . Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the first . Torii Hunter hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Torii Hunter hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Peter Bourjos hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Peter Bourjos hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the third . Torii Hunter hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Torii Hunter hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Mike Trout hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jeff Samardzija ( 6 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Michael Bourn hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Michael Bourn hit 1 RBI single in the second . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the second . Michael Bourn hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Michael Bourn hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Tyler Colvin hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Tyler Colvin hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Alfonso Soriano scored on wild pitch by Arodys Vizcaino in the sixth	True
Alfonso Soriano scored on wild pitch by Arodys Vizcaino in the sixth . Jason Heyward scored on field error by John Grabow in the sixth	True
Jason Heyward scored on field error by John Grabow in the sixth . Carlos Pena hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Rich Thompson ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Edwin Encarnacion hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 2 RBI homer in the first . John McDonald hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
John McDonald hit 1 RBI double in the second . Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Adam Lind hit 4 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Adam Lind hit 4 RBI homer in the fifth . Mark Teahen hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Mark Teahen hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . J. P. Arencibia hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Drew Storen ( 6 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Livan Hernandez hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Livan Hernandez hit 1 RBI single in the second . Rick Ankiel hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Rick Ankiel hit 1 RBI single in the second . Wilson Valdez hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Wilson Valdez hit 1 RBI single in the second . Livan Hernandez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Henry Alberto Rodriguez ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Ryan Zimmerman scored on field error by Starlin Castro in the first	True
Ryan Zimmerman scored on field error by Starlin Castro in the first . Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Reed Johnson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Reed Johnson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Aaron Crow ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in innings . Johnny Giavotella hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Johnny Giavotella hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Matt Joyce hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Matt Joyce hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Casey Kotchman hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	False
Casey Kotchman hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Desmond Jennings hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Desmond Jennings hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Melky Cabrera hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Melky Cabrera hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Casey Kotchman hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Casey Kotchman hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Sam Fuld hit 1 RBI triple in the ninth	False
Hisanori Takahashi ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Jeff Mathis hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Jeff Mathis hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Peter Bourjos scored on wild pitch by < pitcher > in the sixth	True
Peter Bourjos scored on wild pitch by < pitcher > in the sixth . Eduardo Nunez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Eduardo Nunez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Derek Jeter hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Derek Jeter hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Bobby Abreu hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Clayton Kershaw ( 13 - 5 ) allowed 4 runs , 5 hits and 3 walks in 6 1/3 innings . Kelly Johnson hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Kelly Johnson hit 2 RBI homer in the first . James Loney hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
James Loney hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Cody Ransom hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Fernando Salas ( 5 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Alfredo Amezaga hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Alfredo Amezaga hit 1 RBI single in the third . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jon Jay hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jon Jay hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Bryan Petersen hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Bryan Petersen hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Ryan Theriot hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Ryan Theriot hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Matt Holliday hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Matt Holliday hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Lance Berkman hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Aroldis Chapman ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Tony Campana hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Tony Campana hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Tyler Colvin hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Tyler Colvin hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Mike Leake hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Mike Leake hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Todd Frazier scored on wild pitch by Ryan Dempster in the fourth	True
Todd Frazier scored on wild pitch by Ryan Dempster in the fourth . Ramon Hernandez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Tim Dillard ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI double in the first . Casey McGehee hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Casey McGehee hit 2 RBI single in the first . Humberto Quintero hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Humberto Quintero hit 1 RBI single in the second . Yuniesky Betancourt hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Yuniesky Betancourt hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI single in the third . Corey Hart hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Cliff Lee ( 11 - 7 ) allowed 0 runs , 7 hits and 0 walks in 9 innings . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI homer in the second . John Mayberry hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
John Mayberry hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	True
Brad Ziegler ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI single in the third . Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI single in the third . Orlando Cabrera hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Orlando Cabrera hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Cody Ross hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Cody Ross hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Zach Duke hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Antonio Bastardo ( 5 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Seth Smith hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Seth Smith hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	True
Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Chris Iannetta hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Chris Iannetta hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . John Mayberry hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
John Mayberry hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI homer in the tenth	False
Jose Arredondo ( 4 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Nick Evans hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Nick Evans hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Mike Baxter hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
David Robertson ( 4 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Ben Zobrist hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Ben Zobrist hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Russell Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the third	False
Russell Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Matt Joyce hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Josh Judy ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 4 runs , 5 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ryan Raburn hit 1 RBI triple in the second	True
Ryan Raburn hit 1 RBI triple in the second . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the third . Alex Avila hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Alex Avila hit 2 RBI double in the third . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Alex Avila hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Alex Avila hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Andy Dirks hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Andy Dirks hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Don Kelly hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Don Kelly hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Delmon Young hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Delmon Young hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Ryan Raburn hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ryan Raburn hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Andy Dirks hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Chance Ruffin ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Adrian Beltre hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Adrian Beltre hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Craig Gentry hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Craig Gentry hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Ichiro Suzuki hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Brad Peacock ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 5 2/3 innings . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI double in the third . Roger Bernadina hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Roger Bernadina hit 1 RBI single in the third . Roger Bernadina hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	True
Roger Bernadina hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Michael Morse hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Michael Morse hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Zach Britton ( 11 - 10 ) allowed 5 runs , 6 hits and 4 walks in 5 innings . J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Adam Jones hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Adam Jones hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Magglio Ordonez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Magglio Ordonez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Delmon Young hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Delmon Young hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Nolan Reimold hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Koji Uehara ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Brandon Allen hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Brandon Allen hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jemile Weeks hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Jemile Weeks hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Randall Delgado ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Alex Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Alex Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Michael Bourn hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Michael Bourn hit 1 RBI double in the second . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the second . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Marc Rzepczynski ( 2 - 5 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Lance Berkman hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Lance Berkman hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI single in the second . Lance Berkman hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Lance Berkman hit 1 RBI single in the third . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Jimmy Rollins hit 1 RBI triple in the ninth	False
Hisanori Takahashi ( 4 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the first . Vladimir Guerrero hit 1 RBI triple in the first	True
Vladimir Guerrero hit 1 RBI triple in the first . Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Vernon Wells hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Vernon Wells hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Erick Aybar hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Erick Aybar hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Howie Kendrick hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Howie Kendrick hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Vladimir Guerrero hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Vladimir Guerrero hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Vinnie Pestano ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 2/3 innings . Brian Dinkelman hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Brian Dinkelman hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Shelley Duncan hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Shelley Duncan hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Jim Thome hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jim Thome hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Shelley Duncan hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Justin Verlander ( 24 - 5 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 3 walks in 8 innings . Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Brandon Inge hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Steve Cishek ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Donnie Murphy hit 2 RBI homer in the 13th	True
Donnie Murphy hit 2 RBI homer in the 13th . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI double in the 13th	True
Jeff Samardzija ( 6 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Carlos Pena hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Carlos Pena hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Marlon Byrd hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Marlon Byrd hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Chris Heisey hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Chris Heisey hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Drew Stubbs hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Drew Stubbs hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Chris Heisey hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Chris Heisey hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Paul Janish scored on wild pitch by John Gaub in the sixth	True
Paul Janish scored on wild pitch by John Gaub in the sixth . Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Darwin Barney hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Darwin Barney hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Jay Bruce hit 2 RBI homer in the 11th	True
Matt Moore ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Nolan Reimold hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Nolan Reimold hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Matt Joyce hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	False
Matt Joyce hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Chris Davis hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Chris Davis hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Matt Wieters hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Antonio Bastardo ( 6 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in innings . Ryan Howard hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Ryan Howard hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Yuniesky Betancourt hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Cole Hamels ( 14 - 7 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 2 walks in 9 innings . Yuniesky Betancourt hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Yuniesky Betancourt hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Wilson Valdez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Wilson Valdez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Hunter Pence hit 2 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Hunter Pence hit 2 RBI triple in the sixth . John Mayberry hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
John Mayberry hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Ben Francisco hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Ben Francisco hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Corey Hart hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Corey Hart hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Josh Lindblom ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2 1/3 innings . Juan Rivera hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Juan Rivera hit 2 RBI double in the first . Juan Rivera hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Juan Rivera hit 2 RBI double in the third . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI double in the third . Michael Morse hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Michael Morse hit 1 RBI double in the third . Jayson Werth hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Jayson Werth hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Tony Gwynn Jr. hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Tony Gwynn Jr. hit 2 RBI double in the ninth . Dee Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Javy Guerra ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI double in the second . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Andre Ethier hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Andre Ethier hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Rod Barajas hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Rod Barajas hit 2 RBI double in the eighth . Andre Ethier hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Chris Sale ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Addison Reed ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Alex Avila hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Alex Avila hit 1 RBI single in the third . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Alex Avila hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Alex Avila hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jhonny Peralta hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Brandon Inge hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Brandon Inge hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Andy Dirks hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Andy Dirks hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Andy Dirks hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Andy Dirks hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Donny Lucy hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Clayton Kershaw ( 17 - 5 ) allowed 3 runs , 8 hits and 0 walks in 7 innings . Matt Kemp hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Matt Kemp hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Alex Gonzalez scored on field error by Aaron Miles in the seventh	True
Alex Gonzalez scored on field error by Aaron Miles in the seventh . Brooks Conrad hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	True
Brooks Conrad hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Marco Estrada ( 4 - 8 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . George Kottaras hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
George Kottaras hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Mark Kotsay hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Mark Kotsay hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Carlos Lee hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Carlos Lee hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Craig Counsell hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Craig Counsell hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Taylor Green hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Taylor Green hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . George Kottaras hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Dillon Gee ( 12 - 5 ) allowed 6 runs , 8 hits and 1 walks in 5 innings . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jesus Flores hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jesus Flores hit 1 RBI double in the second . Tommy Milone hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
Tommy Milone hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Angel Pagan hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Angel Pagan hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Nick Evans hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Nick Evans hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Roger Bernadina hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Roger Bernadina hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Jason Bay hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Jason Bay hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Ryan Zimmerman hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Fernando Salas ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Allen Craig hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Allen Craig hit 1 RBI homer in the first . David Freese hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
David Freese hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Lance Berkman , David Freese scored on field error by Mike Napoli in the fourth	True
Lance Berkman , David Freese scored on field error by Mike Napoli in the fourth . Ryan Theriot hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ryan Theriot hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Michael Young hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Michael Young hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Nelson Cruz hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Nelson Cruz hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Yadier Molina hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Yadier Molina hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Michael Young hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Michael Young hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Albert Pujols hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Albert Pujols hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Joe Blanton ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI triple in the first	True
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI triple in the first . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI single in the first . Lance Berkman hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Lance Berkman hit 1 RBI double in the first . David Freese hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
David Freese hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . David Freese hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
David Freese hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Michael Martinez scored on wild pitch by Fernando Salas in the eighth	True
Tim Dillard ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Yonder Alonso hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Yonder Alonso hit 1 RBI single in the second . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Alex Gonzalez hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Alex Gonzalez hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Jason Bartlett hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Jason Bartlett hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI triple in the ninth	False
Rafael Dolis ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Joe Mather hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Joe Mather hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Jeff Baker hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Alfredo Aceves ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Ryan Doumit hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Ryan Doumit hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Danny Valencia hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Danny Valencia hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Cody Ross hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Cody Ross hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Cody Ross hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Addison Reed ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the third . Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jesus Montero hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jesus Montero hit 1 RBI single in the third . Alex Liddi hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Alex Liddi hit 1 RBI double in the third . Alex Rios hit 2 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Alex Rios hit 2 RBI triple in the sixth . Alex Rios hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Alex Rios hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Kosuke Fukudome hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Mitchell Boggs ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Alex Presley hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Alex Presley hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the second . Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Daniel Descalso hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Daniel Descalso hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Rafael Furcal hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Darren O'Day ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI double in the first . Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI double in the first . Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the second . J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI single in the third . Howie Kendrick hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Howie Kendrick hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Nolan Reimold hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Burke Badenhop ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in innings . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the first . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Adam Lind hit 1 RBI double in the first . Sean Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Sean Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the second . Desmond Jennings hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Desmond Jennings hit 1 RBI single in the second . J. P. Arencibia hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
J. P. Arencibia hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . J. P. Arencibia scored on field error by Sean Rodriguez in the fourth	True
J. P. Arencibia scored on field error by Sean Rodriguez in the fourth . Desmond Jennings hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Desmond Jennings hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Luke Scott hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Alex Burnett ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Ryan Doumit hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Ryan Doumit hit 2 RBI single in the first . Danny Valencia hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Danny Valencia hit 2 RBI double in the first . Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Mark Teixeira hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Mark Teixeira hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI single in the second . Curtis Granderson hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Curtis Granderson hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Ryan Doumit hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Rhiner Cruz ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Roger Bernadina hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	True
Roger Bernadina hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Jordan Schafer hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Vinnie Pestano ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Travis Hafner hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Travis Hafner hit 1 RBI single in the first . John Jaso hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
John Jaso hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Ichiro Suzuki hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ichiro Suzuki hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jack Hannahan scored on field error by Brendan Ryan in the fifth	True
Jack Hannahan scored on field error by Brendan Ryan in the fifth . Shin-Soo Choo hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Shin-Soo Choo hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Carlos Santana hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Carlos Santana hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Jason Donald hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Javy Guerra ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Mat Gamel hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Mat Gamel hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Cesar Izturis hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Cesar Izturis hit 1 RBI single in the second . James Loney hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	True
James Loney hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Andre Ethier hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Andre Ethier hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . George Kottaras hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Ryan Webb ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Placido Polanco hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Placido Polanco hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jimmy Rollins hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jimmy Rollins hit 1 RBI single in the third . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI single in the third . Freddy Galvis hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Freddy Galvis hit 2 RBI double in the third . Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Craig Kimbrel ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the second . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI double in the third . Chipper Jones hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Chipper Jones hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Tyler Pastornicky hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Tyler Pastornicky hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Chris Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Chris Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Eric Hinske hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Marco Estrada ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Alex Gonzalez hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Alex Gonzalez hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Alfonso Soriano hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Alfonso Soriano hit 2 RBI single in the third . Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Joel Carreno ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 4 walks in 6 innings . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jack Hannahan hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jack Hannahan hit 1 RBI single in the second . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Carlos Santana hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Carlos Santana hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Steve Cishek ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI double in the first . Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Chris Coghlan hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Chris Coghlan hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Emilio Bonifacio hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Emilio Bonifacio hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Scott Rolen hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Steve Cishek ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Chris Heisey hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Tim Dillard ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the second . Chad Billingsley hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Chad Billingsley hit 1 RBI single in the second . Aramis Ramirez hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Aramis Ramirez hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Carlos Gomez hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Carlos Gomez hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . James Loney hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Tyson Ross ( 2 - 6 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 3 walks in 5 innings . Josh Willingham hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Josh Willingham hit 1 RBI single in the first . Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI single in the first . Josh Willingham hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Addison Reed ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jose Lobaton hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jose Lobaton hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Adam Dunn hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jordan Lyles ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 6 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Brian Bogusevic hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Brian Bogusevic hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Chris Snyder hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Chris Snyder hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Jordan Schafer hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jordan Schafer hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Marco Scutaro hit 3 RBI double in the fourth	True
Marco Scutaro hit 3 RBI double in the fourth . Chris Snyder hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Chris Snyder hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Justin Maxwell hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Justin Maxwell hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI triple in the tenth	False
Scott Diamond ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 5 runs , 9 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI single in the first . Alex Rios hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Alex Rios hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jeremy Hefner ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 5 innings . Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Heath Bell ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Casey Kotchman hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Casey Kotchman hit 1 RBI double in the second . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Darren O'Day ( 3 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Adam Jones hit 1 RBI single in the first . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI homer in the 11th	True
Pedro Strop ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Humberto Quintero hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Humberto Quintero hit 2 RBI double in the third . Johnny Giavotella hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Johnny Giavotella hit 1 RBI single in the third . Adam Jones hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Adam Jones hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Chris Davis hit a RBI single in the seventh	False
Chris Davis hit a RBI single in the seventh . J. J. Hardy hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Evan Meek ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Josh Harrison hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Josh Harrison hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Xavier Nady hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Xavier Nady hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Josh Harrison hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Josh Harrison hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Adam LaRoche hit 3 RBI double in the seventh	False
Brian Duensing ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI double in the first . Josh Willingham hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Josh Willingham hit 1 RBI double in the first . Brian Dozier hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
Brian Dozier hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Ramon Santiago hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Ramon Santiago hit 1 RBI single in the second . Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI single in the second . Andy Dirks hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Andy Dirks hit 1 RBI single in the second . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the second . Ryan Doumit hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ryan Doumit hit 1 RBI single in the third . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Jamey Carroll hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	False
Jamey Carroll hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Alexi Casilla hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Alexi Casilla hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Trevor Plouffe hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jerry Blevins ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI double in the third . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the third . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Mike Trout hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Vinnie Pestano ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Casey Kotchman hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Casey Kotchman hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Josh Willingham hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Josh Willingham hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Ryan Doumit hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Ryan Doumit hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Juan Nicasio ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 5 hits and 0 walks in 7 innings . Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Tyler Colvin hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Tyler Colvin hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Tony Gwynn Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Drew Hutchison ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 4 walks in 6 innings . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Adam Lind hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Kyle Drabek ( 2 - 4 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 4 walks in 4 1/3 innings . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Ryan Doumit hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Ryan Doumit hit 2 RBI single in the first . Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Josh Willingham hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Josh Willingham hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Darin Mastroianni hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Darin Mastroianni hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Eric Thames hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Eric Thames hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Darin Mastroianni hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Darin Mastroianni hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Ramon Ramirez ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Hunter Pence hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Hunter Pence hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Pete Orr hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Pete Orr hit 1 RBI single in the second . Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI double in the second . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . David Wright hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
David Wright hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Lucas Duda hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Lucas Duda hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Lucas Duda hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Carlos Zambrano ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 9 innings . Giancarlo Stanton hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Giancarlo Stanton hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . John Buck hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
John Buck hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Logan Ondrusek ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Jay Bruce hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jay Bruce hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Miguel Cairo hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Tommy Milone ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 5 runs , 5 hits and 4 walks in 5 innings . Sean Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Sean Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Matt Joyce hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Matt Joyce hit 2 RBI single in the first . Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jonny Gomes hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jonny Gomes hit 1 RBI single in the third . Brandon Inge hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Brandon Inge hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Jonny Gomes hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Jonny Gomes hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Daric Barton hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Daric Barton hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Zach Stewart ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Andy Dirks hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Rafael Dolis ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Bryan LaHair hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Bryan LaHair hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Willie Harris scored on field error by Ian Stewart in the ninth	False
Bryan Shaw ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . John McDonald hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
John McDonald hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Miguel Montero hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Miguel Montero hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Justin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Tim Collins ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the first . Andy Dirks hit a RBI single in the first	True
Andy Dirks hit a RBI single in the first . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the first . Don Kelly hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Don Kelly hit 1 RBI single in the third . Austin Jackson hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Austin Jackson hit 2 RBI double in the third . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Darren O'Day ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the second . J. J. Hardy hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
J. J. Hardy hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Wilson Betemit hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Wilson Betemit hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Nick Johnson hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Nick Johnson hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Nick Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Bryan Shaw ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Cody Ransom hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Cody Ransom hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Cody Ransom hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Cody Ransom hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Miguel Montero hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Vinnie Pestano ( 3 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jose Lopez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jose Lopez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jose Lopez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jose Lopez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Chris Davis hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Chris Davis hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Jose Lopez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Jose Lopez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Shelley Duncan hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Shelley Duncan hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Lou Marson hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jake Peavy ( 6 - 5 ) allowed 4 runs , 8 hits and 0 walks in 8 innings . Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Dewayne Wise hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Dewayne Wise hit 1 RBI double in the second . Dewayne Wise hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Dewayne Wise hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Michael Schwimer ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI single in the third . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Tony Watson ( 4 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI single in the first . Placido Polanco hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Placido Polanco hit 1 RBI single in the second . Ty Wigginton hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Ty Wigginton hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Casey McGehee hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Casey McGehee hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Drew Sutton hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Drew Sutton hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Michael McKenry hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Alex Cobb ( 3 - 4 ) allowed 8 runs , 13 hits and 0 walks in 8 innings . Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI double in the first . Yuniesky Betancourt hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Yuniesky Betancourt hit 2 RBI single in the third . Jeff Francoeur hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jeff Francoeur hit 1 RBI single in the third . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the third . Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Rex Brothers ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Jason Giambi hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jason Giambi hit 1 RBI single in the first . Tyler Colvin hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Tyler Colvin hit 2 RBI single in the third . Chris Nelson hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Chris Nelson hit 2 RBI single in the third . Jonathan Herrera hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Jonathan Herrera hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Michael Cuddyer hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Michael Cuddyer hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Wil Nieves hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Wil Nieves hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Michael Young hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Michael Young hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Nelson Cruz hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Nelson Cruz hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Yorvit Torrealba hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Christian Friedrich ( 4 - 4 ) allowed 4 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Adrian Beltre hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Adrian Beltre hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Marco Scutaro hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Edward Mujica ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Greg Dobbs hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Greg Dobbs hit 2 RBI single in the first . Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the first . Will Middlebrooks hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Will Middlebrooks hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Will Middlebrooks hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Will Middlebrooks hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Omar Infante hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Omar Infante hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Will Middlebrooks hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Will Middlebrooks hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Daniel Nava hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Liam Hendriks ( 0 - 4 ) allowed 6 runs , 8 hits and 0 walks in 5 innings . Garrett Jones hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Garrett Jones hit 1 RBI single in the first . Andrew McCutchen hit 3 RBI double in the second	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 3 RBI double in the second . Ryan Doumit hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ryan Doumit hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Rod Barajas hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Rod Barajas hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Garrett Jones hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Garrett Jones hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Pedro Alvarez hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Shane Loux ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Mike Trout hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Mike Trout hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Bobby Wilson hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Rex Brothers ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Gerald Laird hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Gerald Laird hit 1 RBI double in the second . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI double in the third . Ramon Santiago hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Ramon Santiago hit 2 RBI single in the third . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Christian Friedrich ( 4 - 3 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 5 walks in 5 innings . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Miguel Cabrera hit a RBI single in the fifth	True
Phil Coke ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 2 innings . Darwin Barney hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Darwin Barney hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Ramon Santiago hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Ramon Santiago hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Austin Jackson hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Austin Jackson hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Darwin Barney scored on field error by Jhonny Peralta in the eighth	True
Cody Eppley ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the first . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Alex Rodriguez scored on wild pitch by Randall Delgado in the third	True
Justin Masterson ( 2 - 6 ) allowed 1 runs , 5 hits and 0 walks in 7 innings . Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Santiago Casilla ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Buster Posey hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Buster Posey hit 1 RBI single in the first . Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI double in the first . Ryan Theriot hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Ryan Theriot hit 1 RBI single in the second . Buster Posey hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Buster Posey hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Chase Headley hit 2 RBI double in the third	False
Chase Headley hit 2 RBI double in the third . Angel Pagan hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Angel Pagan hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Gregor Blanco hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Gregor Blanco hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Hisashi Iwakuma ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 3 innings . Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Michael Saunders hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Michael Saunders hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the third . Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI single in the third . Mark Trumbo hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Josh Lindblom ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI single in the first . Elian Herrera hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	True
Maikel Cleto ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 2 1/3 innings . J. D. Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
J. D. Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the first . J. D. Martinez scored on wild pitch by Jaime Garcia in the first	True
J. D. Martinez scored on wild pitch by Jaime Garcia in the first . Chris Snyder hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Chris Snyder hit 2 RBI single in the first . Justin Maxwell hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Justin Maxwell hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Matt Adams hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Matt Adams hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Brian Bogusevic hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Brian Bogusevic hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Jose Altuve scored on field error by Sam Freeman in the sixth	True
Jose Altuve scored on field error by Sam Freeman in the sixth . Brett Wallace hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	True
Brett Wallace hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Adron Chambers hit 2 RBI triple in the ninth	False
Adron Chambers hit 2 RBI triple in the ninth . Rafael Furcal hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Logan Ondrusek ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Zack Cozart hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Zack Cozart hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Justin Maxwell hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Steve Cishek ( 4 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Carlos Zambrano hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Carlos Zambrano hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Jose Reyes hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Jose Reyes hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Carlos Zambrano scored on wild pitch by Chad Qualls in the seventh	True
Carlos Zambrano scored on wild pitch by Chad Qualls in the seventh . Juan Pierre hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Phil Hughes ( 5 - 5 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 3 walks in 9 innings . Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth	False
Hisashi Iwakuma ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Ichiro Suzuki hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Ichiro Suzuki hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI homer in the second . A. J. Pierzynski hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
A. J. Pierzynski hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Ichiro Suzuki hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Ichiro Suzuki hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI single in the third . Michael Saunders hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Michael Saunders hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Alex Rios hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Alex Rios hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Gordon Beckham hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Gordon Beckham hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Brendan Ryan hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Brendan Ryan hit 2 RBI double in the eighth . Dayan Viciedo hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Dayan Viciedo hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . John Jaso hit 1 RBI double in the 12th	True
John Jaso hit 1 RBI double in the 12th . Chone Figgins hit 1 RBI single in the 12th	True
Ernesto Frieri ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Mike Trout hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Mike Trout hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Torii Hunter hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Torii Hunter hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . David Murphy hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Justin Verlander ( 11 - 7 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 4 walks in 5 innings . Pedro Ciriaco hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Pedro Ciriaco hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Carl Crawford hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jim Miller ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 3 innings . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Adam Jones hit 1 RBI double in the third . Matt Wieters hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Matt Wieters hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Omar Quintanilla hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Trevor Rosenthal ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in innings . Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Anthony Rizzo hit 2 RBI homer in the tenth	False
Antonio Bastardo ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI single in the third . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Franklin Morales ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 2 innings . Dustin Pedroia hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Dustin Pedroia hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Raul Ibanez hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Raul Ibanez hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Carl Crawford hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Carl Crawford hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Russell Martin hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Russell Martin hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Curtis Granderson hit 4 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Josh Lindblom ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Rafael Furcal hit 1 RBI single in the 12th	True
Manny Corpas ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Neil Walker hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Neil Walker hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the third . Michael McKenry hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Michael McKenry hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Garrett Jones hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Mat Latos ( 8 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 8 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI single in the first . Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI double in the third . Chris Heisey hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Chris Heisey hit 1 RBI single in the third . Chris Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Chris Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Scott Rolen hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Scott Rolen hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Ryan Hanigan hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Kenley Jansen ( 4 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . James Loney hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
James Loney hit 1 RBI single in the first . Juan Uribe hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Juan Uribe hit 2 RBI double in the third . Luis Alfonso Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Luis Alfonso Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the third . Scott Hairston hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Scott Hairston hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jason Bay hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jason Bay hit 1 RBI single in the third . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Matt Treanor hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Matt Treanor hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Ronny Cedeno hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Ronny Cedeno hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth . Juan Uribe hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Craig Kimbrel ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Michael Morse hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Michael Morse hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Ryan Zimmerman hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Ryan Zimmerman hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Steve Lombardozzi hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Steve Lombardozzi hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Brian McCann hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Brian McCann hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Martin Prado hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Martin Prado hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Chipper Jones hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Chipper Jones hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Michael Bourn hit 2 RBI triple in the ninth	False
Michael Bourn hit 2 RBI triple in the ninth . Danny Espinosa hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Danny Espinosa hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Paul Janish hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Miguel Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Mark Reynolds hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Mark Reynolds hit 2 RBI double in the third . Ryan Flaherty hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Ryan Flaherty hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Jim Thome hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Jim Thome hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Jack Hannahan hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Lucas Harrell ( 7 - 7 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Logan Forsythe hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Bryan Shaw ( 1 - 4 ) allowed 4 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 1/3 innings . Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI single in the first . Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI single in the third . Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Chris Young hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Chris Young hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Henry Blanco hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Henry Blanco hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Brandon Phillips hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Brandon Phillips hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Xavier Paul scored on field error by Paul Goldschmidt in the seventh	True
Xavier Paul scored on field error by Paul Goldschmidt in the seventh . Brandon Phillips hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	True
Brandon Phillips hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Lucas Luetge ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jesus Montero hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Jesus Montero hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Michael Saunders hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Michael Saunders hit 1 RBI single in the second . Jesus Montero hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Jesus Montero hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Chris Getz hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Chris Getz hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jesus Montero hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Pedro Hernandez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 8 runs , 12 hits and 1 walks in 4 innings . Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI single in the first . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Cody Ross hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Cody Ross hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Cody Ross hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Cody Ross hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Adrian Gonzalez hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Josh Kinney ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI double in the second . Chris Getz hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Chris Getz hit 1 RBI single in the second . Casper Wells hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Casper Wells hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Alex Gordon hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Alex Gordon hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Lorenzo Cain hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Lorenzo Cain hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jesus Montero hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jesus Montero hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Billy Butler hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Anibal Sanchez ( 5 - 6 ) allowed 2 runs , 9 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Austin Kearns hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Austin Kearns hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Omar Infante hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Omar Infante hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Carlos Lee hit 4 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Carlos Lee hit 4 RBI homer in the fifth . Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jeff Baker hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Jeff Baker hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Geovany Soto scored on field error by Hanley Ramirez in the sixth	True
Geovany Soto scored on field error by Hanley Ramirez in the sixth . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Luis Valbuena hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Luis Valbuena hit 2 RBI double in the eighth . Jeff Baker hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Nate Jones ( 3 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Adrian Gonzalez hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Matt Harrison ( 12 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 5 hits and 4 walks in 9 innings . Adrian Beltre hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Adrian Beltre hit 2 RBI single in the third . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Addison Reed ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Adam Dunn hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Adam Dunn hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Alex Rios hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Alex Rios hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI single in the second . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the second . Jeff Francoeur hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jeff Francoeur hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Alcides Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Alcides Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Dayan Viciedo hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Dayan Viciedo hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Alcides Escobar hit 2 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Alcides Escobar hit 2 RBI triple in the eighth . A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI double in the 12th	True
Josh Lindblom ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Jerry Hairston hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Jerry Hairston hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Gerardo Parra hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	True
Gerardo Parra hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . A. J. Ellis hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
A. J. Ellis hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Jason Kubel hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Travis Wood ( 4 - 3 ) allowed 3 runs , 5 hits and 4 walks in 6 innings . Reed Johnson hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Reed Johnson hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Lucas Duda hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Lucas Duda hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Ronny Cedeno hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Ronny Cedeno hit 1 RBI double in the third . Anthony Rizzo hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Jeff Baker hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Jeff Baker hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Luis Valbuena hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Luis Valbuena hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Justin Turner hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Justin Turner hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Jordany Valdespin hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jordany Valdespin hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Ike Davis hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Pedro Strop ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jim Thome hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jim Thome hit 1 RBI single in the first . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI single in the first . Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Ryan Flaherty hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Ryan Flaherty hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the second . Matt Wieters hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Matt Wieters hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Kendrys Morales hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Nathan Eovaldi ( 1 - 5 ) allowed 1 runs , 5 hits and 3 walks in 6 innings . Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI double in the first . Luis Alfonso Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Luis Alfonso Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the first . Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI single in the second . Scott Van Slyke hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Scott Van Slyke hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Elian Herrera hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Nate Jones ( 3 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Kevin Youkilis hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Kevin Youkilis hit 1 RBI single in the first . Alex Rios hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Alex Rios hit 1 RBI single in the first . Eric Chavez hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Eric Chavez hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Robinson Cano hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Craig Kimbrel ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Chipper Jones hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Chipper Jones hit 1 RBI double in the first . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Josh Edgin ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . David Wright hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
David Wright hit 1 RBI single in the first . Ryan Howard hit 4 RBI homer in the first	True
Ryan Howard hit 4 RBI homer in the first . Mike Baxter hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Mike Baxter hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Kelly Shoppach hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Kelly Shoppach hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Ike Davis hit 1 RBI double in the tenth	False
Ike Davis hit 1 RBI double in the tenth . Lucas Duda hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	True
Lucas Duda hit 1 RBI single in the tenth . Kelly Shoppach hit 2 RBI homer in the tenth	True
Luke Hochevar ( 7 - 12 ) allowed 5 runs , 8 hits and 1 walks in 8 innings . Jacoby Ellsbury hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jacoby Ellsbury hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Cody Ross hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Cody Ross hit 2 RBI single in the third . Cody Ross hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Cody Ross hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . James Loney hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Felix Hernandez ( 13 - 5 ) allowed 0 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 9 innings . Eric Thames hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Steve Cishek ( 4 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Rob Brantly hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Rob Brantly hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Greg Dobbs scored on field error by Hanley Ramirez in the eighth	False
Greg Dobbs scored on field error by Hanley Ramirez in the eighth . Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Aaron Loup ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in innings . Edwin Encarnacion hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Nick Markakis scored on field error by Yunel Escobar in the third	True
Nick Markakis scored on field error by Yunel Escobar in the third . Adam Jones hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Adam Jones hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . J. J. Hardy hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
J. J. Hardy hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Manny Machado hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Hiroki Kuroda ( 12 - 9 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 2 walks in 8 innings . Michael Brantley hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Clayton Richard ( 11 - 12 ) allowed 3 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 8 innings . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Chase Headley hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Justin Upton hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Justin Upton hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Carlos Quentin hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Carlos Quentin hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Yonder Alonso hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Yonder Alonso hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Yonder Alonso hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Yonder Alonso hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Tyler Robertson ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI double in the first . Mitch Moreland hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
Mitch Moreland hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ian Kinsler hit 3 RBI triple in the third	True
Ian Kinsler hit 3 RBI triple in the third . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Pedro Florimon hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Pedro Florimon hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Nathan Eovaldi ( 4 - 9 ) allowed 6 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 3 innings . Jose Reyes hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Jose Reyes hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Andre Ethier hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Andre Ethier hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Juan Rivera hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Hanley Ramirez hit 2 RBI homer in the third	False
Hanley Ramirez hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Luis Alfonso Cruz hit a RBI single in the seventh	True
C. J. Fick ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 2/3 innings . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the first . Skip Schumaker hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Skip Schumaker hit 2 RBI single in the first . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jon Jay hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Sergio Romo ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Buster Posey hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Buster Posey hit 2 RBI single in the first . Brandon Crawford hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Brandon Crawford hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Angel Pagan hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Samuel Deduno ( 4 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 6 walks in 6 innings . Michael Saunders hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Michael Saunders hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Eric Thames hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Matt Moore ( 10 - 7 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 6 1/3 innings . Matt Joyce hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Matt Joyce hit 2 RBI single in the second . Mike Trout hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Mike Trout hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Ryan Roberts hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Ryan Roberts hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Carlos Pena hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Carlos Pena hit 2 RBI double in the ninth . Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Josh Edgin ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Danny Espinosa hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Danny Espinosa hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI triple in the third	True
Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI single in the third . Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Kelly Shoppach hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Michael Schwimer ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Michael Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Michael Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Domonic Brown hit 3 RBI double in the third	True
Domonic Brown hit 3 RBI double in the third . Brian Schneider hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Brian Schneider hit 2 RBI double in the eighth . Domonic Brown hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jonathan Papelbon ( 3 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . John Mayberry hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
John Mayberry hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Erik Kratz hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Erik Kratz hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI double in the third . Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Alex Cobb ( 7 - 8 ) allowed 8 runs , 12 hits and 0 walks in 2 2/3 innings . Mike Trout hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Mike Trout hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI single in the first . Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI single in the first . Mike Trout hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Mike Trout hit 1 RBI single in the second . Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI double in the second . Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Mike Trout hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Mike Trout hit 1 RBI single in the third . Sam Fuld hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Sam Fuld hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Ben Zobrist hit 3 RBI double in the fifth	False
Ben Zobrist hit 3 RBI double in the fifth . Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Carlos Pena hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Tommy Layne ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Chipper Jones hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Chipper Jones hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Chipper Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Chipper Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Paul Janish hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Josh Lindblom ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 3 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 1/3 innings . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jimmy Rollins scored on field error by Jean Segura in the third	True
Jimmy Rollins scored on field error by Jean Segura in the third . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Kevin Frandsen hit 3 RBI double in the fifth	False
Kevin Frandsen hit 3 RBI double in the fifth . Corey Hart hit 4 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jeremy Hellickson ( 7 - 8 ) allowed 1 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Jesus Montero hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Mark Rogers ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 5 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Ramon Hernandez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Ramon Hernandez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Chris Nelson hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Chris Nelson hit 2 RBI single in the first . Eric Young Jr. hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Eric Young Jr. hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Corey Hart hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Corey Hart hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Nyjer Morgan hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Nyjer Morgan hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Chris Nelson hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Chris Nelson hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Nyjer Morgan hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Nyjer Morgan hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Tyler Colvin hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Duane Below ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Darin Mastroianni hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Darin Mastroianni hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Alexi Casilla hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Alexi Casilla hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Darin Mastroianni hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Darin Mastroianni hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Ryan Doumit hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Ryan Doumit hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Aaron Crow ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Manny Machado hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Manny Machado hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Mark Rogers ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI double in the first . Carlos Corporan hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Carlos Corporan hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jean Segura hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Jean Segura hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Carlos Corporan hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Carlos Corporan hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Brian Bogusevic hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Tyler Chatwood ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI single in the third . Tyler Colvin hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Max Scherzer ( 11 - 6 ) allowed 2 runs , 8 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the third . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Prince Fielder hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Prince Fielder hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Delmon Young hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Carter Capps ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Matt Wieters hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Matt Wieters hit 2 RBI double in the first . J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI single in the third . Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Nick Markakis hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Nick Markakis hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Kyle Seager hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Kyle Seager hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Matt Wieters hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Jered Weaver ( 15 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 9 innings . Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the second . Mike Trout hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Mike Trout hit 1 RBI single in the second . Torii Hunter hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	True
Joba Chamberlain ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Alex Avila hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Alex Avila hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Tim Collins ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI double in the second . Jeff Francoeur hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Jeff Francoeur hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Billy Butler hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Billy Butler hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Kevin Youkilis hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Hisanori Takahashi ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Kevin Youkilis hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Kevin Youkilis hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . A. J. Pierzynski hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
A. J. Pierzynski hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Wei-Yin Chen ( 10 - 6 ) allowed 0 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the first . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI single in the second . Chris Davis hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Cody Allen ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Alex Avila hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Alex Avila hit 1 RBI double in the second . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI single in the third . Prince Fielder hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Prince Fielder hit 2 RBI double in the third . Quintin Berry hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Quintin Berry hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Prince Fielder hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Prince Fielder hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Andy Dirks hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Andy Dirks hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Alex Avila hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Tyler Robertson ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Darin Mastroianni hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Darin Mastroianni hit 1 RBI single in the second . Kelly Shoppach hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Kelly Shoppach hit 1 RBI single in the second . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Carl Crawford hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Carl Crawford hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Justin Morneau hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Justin Morneau hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	False
Dan Jennings ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 2 innings . Chipper Jones hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Chipper Jones hit 2 RBI double in the first . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI single in the second . Freddie Freeman hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Aroldis Chapman ( 5 - 5 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . Garrett Jones hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Garrett Jones hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Xavier Paul hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Xavier Paul hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Nick Maronde ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI double in the first . Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI single in the first . Mark Trumbo hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Mark Trumbo hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI double in the first . David Murphy hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
David Murphy hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Mike Napoli hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Mike Napoli hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Mike Napoli hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Mike Napoli hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Howie Kendrick hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Cody Eppley ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Nick Swisher hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Nick Swisher hit 2 RBI double in the first . Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Russell Martin hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Russell Martin hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Ichiro Suzuki hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Ichiro Suzuki hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Adam Lind hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Adam Lind hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Eric Chavez hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Paco Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . A. J. Ellis hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
A. J. Ellis hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Luis Alfonso Cruz hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Luis Alfonso Cruz hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . A. J. Ellis hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
A. J. Ellis hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Elian Herrera scored on field error by Alexi Amarista in the eighth	True
Elian Herrera scored on field error by Alexi Amarista in the eighth . Mark Kotsay hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	True
Mark Kotsay hit 2 RBI double in the eighth . Will Venable hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Will Venable hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Shane Victorino scored on wild pitch by Cory Burns in the ninth	False
Stephen Pryor ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Erick Aybar hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Erick Aybar hit 2 RBI double in the second . Brendan Ryan hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Brendan Ryan hit 1 RBI single in the third . Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jared Hughes ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Pedro Alvarez hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Pedro Alvarez hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Justin Turner hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Justin Turner hit 2 RBI homer in the first . David Wright hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
David Wright hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Josh Harrison hit 2 RBI triple in the second	True
Josh Harrison hit 2 RBI triple in the second . Josh Harrison scored on field error by Justin Turner in the second	True
Josh Harrison scored on field error by Justin Turner in the second . Jordany Valdespin hit a RBI single in the seventh	True
Jordany Valdespin hit a RBI single in the seventh . David Wright hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
David Wright hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Garrett Jones hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Phil Hughes ( 16 - 13 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 1 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Nick Swisher hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Nick Swisher hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Chris Parmelee hit a RBI double in the fourth	True
Chris Parmelee hit a RBI double in the fourth . Russell Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Russell Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Ryan Doumit scored on wild pitch by Boone Logan in the seventh	True
Ryan Doumit scored on wild pitch by Boone Logan in the seventh . Denard Span hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	True
Denard Span hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Andruw Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Scott Diamond ( 12 - 8 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 3 walks in 7 innings . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Ben Revere hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Ben Revere hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Joe Mauer hit 2 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Joe Mauer hit 2 RBI triple in the eighth . Avisail Garcia hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Tony Watson ( 5 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Brett Wallace hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Brett Wallace hit 1 RBI single in the first . Gaby Sanchez hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Gaby Sanchez hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jason Castro hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Bud Norris ( 5 - 13 ) allowed 5 runs , 6 hits and 5 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Allen Craig hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Allen Craig hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Justin Maxwell hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Justin Maxwell hit 1 RBI double in the third . Brandon Laird hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Brandon Laird hit 1 RBI single in the third . Carlos Beltran hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Carlos Beltran hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Brandon Barnes hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Paco Rodriguez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Brayan Villarreal ( 3 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI single in the third . Delmon Young hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Delmon Young hit 2 RBI single in the third . Dewayne Wise hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Dewayne Wise hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Jeff Locke ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 5 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 4 1/3 innings . Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI single in the first . Rod Barajas hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Rod Barajas hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the second . Pedro Alvarez hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Pedro Alvarez hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Starling Marte hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Starling Marte hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Joe Mather hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Joe Mather hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Anthony Rizzo hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Anthony Rizzo hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Welington Castillo hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Welington Castillo hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Pedro Alvarez hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Pedro Alvarez hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Darwin Barney hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Darwin Barney hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Anthony Rizzo hit 4 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 4 RBI homer in the sixth . Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . David DeJesus hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Matt Moore ( 10 - 11 ) allowed 5 runs , 3 hits and 4 walks in 3 innings . Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI single in the third . Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Russell Martin hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Russell Martin hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Logan Ondrusek ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Justin Ruggiano hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Justin Ruggiano hit 1 RBI double in the third . Greg Dobbs hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Greg Dobbs hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Shawn Kelley ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Miguel Olivo hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Franklin Gutierrez hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Franklin Gutierrez hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Edwin Encarnacion hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Luis Avilan ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Travis Ishikawa hit 3 RBI double in the fifth	True
Travis Ishikawa hit 3 RBI double in the fifth . Yovani Gallardo hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Dan Otero ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Josh Rutledge hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Josh Rutledge hit 1 RBI double in the first . Jordan Pacheco hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jordan Pacheco hit 1 RBI single in the first . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Alex White hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Alex White hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Chris Nelson hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Chris Nelson hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth . Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Buster Posey hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Buster Posey hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Angel Pagan hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Paco Rodriguez ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Hunter Pence hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Hunter Pence hit 2 RBI double in the first . Buster Posey hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Cody Eppley ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Russell Martin hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Russell Martin hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Steve Pearce hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Steve Pearce hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Alex Rodriguez hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Alex Rodriguez hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Adam Jones hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Adam Jones hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Robert Andino hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Robert Andino hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Manny Machado hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Alfredo Aceves ( 2 - 9 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Dustin Ackley hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Dustin Ackley hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Cody Ross hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
David Robertson ( 1 - 5 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the first . Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Russell Martin hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	False
Russell Martin hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Ben Zobrist hit 2 RBI triple in the fifth	False
Ben Zobrist hit 2 RBI triple in the fifth . Russell Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Russell Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Luke Scott hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Josh Edgin ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Josh Thole hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Josh Thole hit 1 RBI single in the second . Adam Wainwright hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Adam Wainwright hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Ike Davis hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Ike Davis hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Andres Torres hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Pedro Strop ( 5 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Andrew Werner ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Chase Headley hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Chase Headley hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Mark Ellis hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Mark Ellis hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Chase Headley hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . A. J. Ellis hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Garrett Richards ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Vernon Wells hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Vernon Wells hit 1 RBI single in the second . Chris Iannetta hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Chris Iannetta hit 1 RBI single in the second . Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the third . Vernon Wells hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Vernon Wells hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Josh Reddick hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Josh Reddick hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Josh Donaldson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Josh Donaldson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Chris Iannetta hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Chris Iannetta hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Chris Carter hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jose Mijares ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Angel Pagan hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Angel Pagan hit 1 RBI single in the third . Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI single in the third . Buster Posey hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Buster Posey hit 1 RBI single in the third . David DeJesus hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
David DeJesus hit 1 RBI single in the third . David DeJesus hit a RBI single in the fifth	True
David DeJesus hit a RBI single in the fifth . Alfonso Soriano hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Alfonso Soriano hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth . Brandon Belt scored on wild pitch by Manny Corpas in the sixth	True
Brandon Belt scored on wild pitch by Manny Corpas in the sixth . Angel Pagan hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	True
Angel Pagan hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Marco Scutaro hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Nick Vincent ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Chase Headley hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Chase Headley hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Chase Headley hit 1 RBI single in the third . Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jordan Pacheco hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Jordan Pacheco hit 2 RBI double in the third . Tyler Colvin hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Tyler Colvin hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Ramon Hernandez hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Ramon Hernandez hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Chris Denorfia hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Chris Denorfia hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Chase Headley hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Chase Headley hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Logan Forsythe hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Logan Forsythe hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Chase Headley hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Alexi Amarista hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Alexi Amarista hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Chris Nelson hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Chris Nelson hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh . Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Alexi Amarista hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jake McGee ( 5 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ryan Roberts hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Ryan Roberts hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI double in the third . Matt Joyce hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Matt Joyce hit 2 RBI double in the third . Edwin Encarnacion hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Matt Joyce hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Matt Joyce hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Adam Lind hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Cody Eppley ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the first . Avisail Garcia hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Avisail Garcia hit 1 RBI single in the third . Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Jhonny Peralta hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Drew Storen ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Kurt Suzuki hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Kurt Suzuki hit 1 RBI single in the second . Yadier Molina scored on wild pitch by Gio Gonzalez in the second	True
Yadier Molina scored on wild pitch by Gio Gonzalez in the second . Tyler Moore hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	True
Collin McHugh ( 0 - 4 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 1/3 innings . Gorkys Hernandez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Gorkys Hernandez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Rob Brantly hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Rob Brantly hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Carlos Lee hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . David Wright hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
David Wright hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Daniel Murphy scored on wild pitch by Heath Bell in the eighth	True
Daniel Murphy scored on wild pitch by Heath Bell in the eighth . Scott Hairston hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Scott Hairston hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Donovan Solano hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Alexi Ogando ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI double in the third . Derek Norris hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Derek Norris hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jonny Gomes hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Miles Mikolas ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Martin Maldonado hit 4 RBI homer in the third	True
Martin Maldonado hit 4 RBI homer in the third . Will Venable hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Will Venable hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jesus Guzman hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jesus Guzman hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Yasmani Grandal hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Aroldis Chapman ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the first . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	True
Zach Britton ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 6 runs , 10 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Michael Saunders hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Michael Saunders hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Matt Wieters hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Matt Wieters hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Jason Bay hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Jason Bay hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Robert Andino hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Robert Andino hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Brendan Ryan hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Brendan Ryan hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	True
J. J. Hoover ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Dan Haren hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Dan Haren hit 1 RBI single in the second . Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the second . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI single in the third . Kurt Suzuki hit a RBI single in the third	True
Kurt Suzuki hit a RBI single in the third . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Bryce Harper hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Bryce Harper hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jonathan Pettibone ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Jordany Valdespin hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jordany Valdespin hit 1 RBI double in the second . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI double in the third . Jimmy Rollins scored on wild pitch by Shaun Marcum in the third	True
Jimmy Rollins scored on wild pitch by Shaun Marcum in the third . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Domonic Brown hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Domonic Brown hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . John Mayberry hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
John Mayberry hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . David Wright hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
David Wright hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Laynce Nix hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Laynce Nix hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . John Buck hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Hiram Burgos ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the first . Carl Crawford hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Carl Crawford hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Yuniesky Betancourt hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Yuniesky Betancourt hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Jean Segura hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Jean Segura hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Nori Aoki hit a RBI single in the seventh	True
Nori Aoki hit a RBI single in the seventh . Adrian Gonzalez hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Carl Crawford hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Carl Crawford hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Jean Segura hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jeremy Hellickson ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 5 runs , 5 hits and 4 walks in 6 innings . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jeff Keppinger hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Jeff Keppinger hit 1 RBI double in the first . Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jose Lobaton hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jose Lobaton hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Adam Dunn hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
J. J. Hoover ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Danny Espinosa hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Danny Espinosa hit 1 RBI double in the second . Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the second . Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Danny Espinosa hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Danny Espinosa hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Denard Span hit 2 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Esmil Rogers ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the second . Manny Machado hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Manny Machado hit 2 RBI single in the second . Edwin Encarnacion hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Greg Holland ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Alcides Escobar hit a RBI single in the first	True
Alcides Escobar hit a RBI single in the first . Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Mike Carp hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Mike Carp hit 1 RBI double in the second . Dustin Pedroia hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Dustin Pedroia hit 1 RBI single in the third . George Kottaras hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
George Kottaras hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Billy Butler hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Evan Scribner ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 4 runs , 4 hits and 2 walks in 3 innings . Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI single in the first . Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI single in the first . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the first . Sean Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Sean Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jose Lobaton hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Jose Lobaton hit 2 RBI single in the first . Ryan Roberts hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ryan Roberts hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Coco Crisp hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Brandon Gomes ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in innings . Desmond Jennings hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Desmond Jennings hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the second . Nolan Reimold hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Nolan Reimold hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Manny Machado hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Manny Machado hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Jose Molina hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Jose Molina hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Steve Pearce hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Steve Pearce hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . James Loney hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
James Loney hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Matt Wieters hit 4 RBI homer in the tenth	False
Chris Sale ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI single in the first . Emilio Bonifacio scored on field error by Adam Dunn in the fifth	True
Emilio Bonifacio scored on field error by Adam Dunn in the fifth . Rajai Davis hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Rajai Davis hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Tyler Flowers hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Drew Smyly ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Jeremy Hellickson ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Brandon Morrow ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 6 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Burke Badenhop ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the third . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the third . Matt Adams hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Matt Adams hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Yuniesky Betancourt hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Yuniesky Betancourt hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI homer in the tenth	False
Phil Coke ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Derek Norris hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Derek Norris hit 1 RBI single in the second . Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Jhonny Peralta hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Brayan Pena hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Brayan Pena hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Chris Young hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Wily Peralta ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Jean Segura hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jean Segura hit 1 RBI double in the second . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI single in the second . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . David DeJesus hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Paul Clemens ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 5 runs , 6 hits and 1 walks in 4 innings . Carlos Pena hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Carlos Pena hit 2 RBI double in the first . J. D. Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
J. D. Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Matt Dominguez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Matt Dominguez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jose Altuve hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Jose Altuve hit 2 RBI double in the first . Chris Carter hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Chris Carter hit 1 RBI homer in the second . J. D. Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
J. D. Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Chris Carter hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Chris Carter hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jose Altuve hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jose Altuve hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Jason Bay hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jason Bay hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Michael Morse hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Michael Morse hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Chris Carter hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Chris Carter hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Jason Bay scored on field error by Jose Altuve in the ninth	True
Jason Bay scored on field error by Jose Altuve in the ninth . Justin Smoak hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	True
Marco Estrada ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Martin Maldonado hit 3 RBI double in the first	True
Martin Maldonado hit 3 RBI double in the first . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI double in the second . Welington Castillo hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Welington Castillo hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Marco Estrada hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	True
Marco Estrada hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Nate Schierholtz hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Nate Schierholtz hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Luis Valbuena hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Casey Fien ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Ryan Doumit hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Ryan Doumit hit 1 RBI single in the first . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Alcides Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Alcides Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Billy Butler hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ricky Nolasco ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 6 hits and 3 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Greg Dobbs hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Greg Dobbs hit 1 RBI single in the first . John Buck hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
John Buck hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Greg Dobbs hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Greg Dobbs hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . David Wright hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
David Wright hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Collin Cowgill hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Garrett Richards ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI triple in the second	True
A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI triple in the second . Chris Iannetta hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Chris Iannetta hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Mike Trout hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Mike Trout hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Wei-Yin Chen ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 7 hits and 0 walks in 5 2/3 innings . Chris Davis hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Chris Davis hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Shelley Duncan hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Shelley Duncan hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Matt Joyce scored on wild pitch by Pedro Strop in the seventh	True
Matt Joyce scored on wild pitch by Pedro Strop in the seventh . James Loney hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	True
James Loney hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Brian Roberts hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Brian Roberts hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Matt Joyce hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Carter Capps ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Michael Morse hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Michael Morse hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Michael Morse hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Kenley Jansen ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Chris Iannetta hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Chris Iannetta hit 1 RBI double in the second . Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Ramon Hernandez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Ramon Hernandez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Chris Nelson hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Neil Wagner ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Melky Cabrera hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Dan Jennings ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Justin Ruggiano hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Justin Ruggiano hit 1 RBI single in the second . Derek Dietrich hit 1 RBI triple in the third	True
Derek Dietrich hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Chris Coghlan hit 2 RBI triple in the third	True
Chris Coghlan hit 2 RBI triple in the third . Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the third . Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Chris Coghlan hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Chris Coghlan hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Jose Lobaton hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Jose Lobaton hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Greg Dobbs hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Greg Dobbs hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Desmond Jennings hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Mike Zagurski ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	True
Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Travis Snider hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Travis Snider hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Neil Walker hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Neil Walker hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Russell Martin hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Russell Martin hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Gaby Sanchez hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Julio Teheran ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 5 hits and 3 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Lucas Duda hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Lucas Duda hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Dan Uggla hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Dan Uggla hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . John Buck hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
John Buck hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Ike Davis hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Rafael Dolis ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Ryan Hanigan hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ryan Hanigan hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Zack Cozart hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Zack Cozart hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Luis Valbuena hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Luis Valbuena hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Alfonso Soriano hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Alfonso Soriano hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Welington Castillo hit 1 RBI double in the tenth	True
Justin De Fratus ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Ryan Zimmerman , Adam LaRoche scored on field error by Michael Young in the seventh	True
Ryan Zimmerman , Adam LaRoche scored on field error by Michael Young in the seventh . Steve Lombardozzi hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	True
Steve Lombardozzi hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Denard Span hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Denard Span hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Tyler Moore hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Luke Gregerson ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Eric Chavez hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Eric Chavez hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Everth Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Everth Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI single in the third . Yonder Alonso hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Yonder Alonso hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Andrew Cashner hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Andrew Cashner hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Chris Denorfia hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Chris Denorfia hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Everth Cabrera hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	False
Everth Cabrera hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Nick Hundley hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Mike Dunn ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in innings . Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the third . Derek Dietrich hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Derek Dietrich hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Conor Gillaspie hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Tim Collins ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Billy Butler hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Billy Butler hit 1 RBI single in the first . Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Madison Bumgarner ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 9 runs , 8 hits and 2 walks in 4 2/3 innings . Brandon Crawford hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Brandon Crawford hit 1 RBI single in the second . Marco Scutaro hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Marco Scutaro hit 1 RBI single in the second . Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI single in the second . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI single in the third . Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Wilin Rosario hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Wilin Rosario hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jordan Pacheco hit 4 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Jordan Pacheco hit 4 RBI homer in the fifth . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Hunter Pence scored on wild pitch by Edgmer Escalona in the seventh	True
Hunter Pence scored on wild pitch by Edgmer Escalona in the seventh . Joaquin Arias hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Joaquin Arias hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Buster Posey hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Sergio Romo ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Todd Helton hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Todd Helton hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Wilin Rosario hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Wilin Rosario hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Brandon Crawford hit 3 RBI double in the fourth	True
Brandon Crawford hit 3 RBI double in the fourth . Matt Cain hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Matt Cain hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Angel Pagan hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Preston Claiborne ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Cody Allen ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI double in the first . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the second . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Omar Infante hit 2 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Omar Infante hit 2 RBI triple in the seventh . Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Garrett Richards ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Matt Dominguez hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Matt Dominguez hit 1 RBI single in the second . Chris Carter hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Chris Carter hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Brandon Barnes hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Brandon Barnes hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Brendan Harris hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Brendan Harris hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Matt Dominguez hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Matt Dominguez hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Mark Trumbo hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Ryan Pressly ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 4 innings . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI double in the first . Ryan Doumit hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Ryan Doumit hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Jonny Gomes hit 4 RBI homer in the first	True
Jonny Gomes hit 4 RBI homer in the first . Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI single in the first . Pedro Florimon hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Pedro Florimon hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI double in the second . Aaron Hicks hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Aaron Hicks hit 2 RBI single in the second . Pedro Florimon hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Pedro Florimon hit 2 RBI double in the second . Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Oswaldo Arcia hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Dan Haren ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 8 innings . Steve Lombardozzi hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Steve Lombardozzi hit 1 RBI single in the first . Denard Span hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Denard Span hit 2 RBI double in the second . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Scott Diamond ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI double in the first . Chris Parmelee hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Chris Parmelee hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI double in the second . Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Pedro Florimon hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Pedro Florimon hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Chris Parmelee hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Hector Rondon ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI double in the second . Brian Bogusevic hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Brian Bogusevic hit 1 RBI double in the second . Darwin Barney hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Darwin Barney hit 1 RBI double in the second . Darwin Barney scored on field error by Kyle Seager in the fourth	True
Darwin Barney scored on field error by Kyle Seager in the fourth . Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Nick Franklin hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Nick Franklin hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jason Bay hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jason Bay hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Kyle Seager hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
R. A. Dickey ( 7 - 8 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 9 innings . Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Adam Lind hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Seth Maness ( 4 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Allen Craig hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Allen Craig hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Pete Kozma hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Pete Kozma hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Matt Carpenter hit 3 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Matt Carpenter hit 3 RBI triple in the fourth . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Carlos Beltran hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Carlos Beltran hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Matt Dominguez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Matt Dominguez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Brett Wallace hit 2 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Brett Wallace hit 2 RBI triple in the sixth . David Freese hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
David Freese hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Allen Craig hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Allen Craig hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Ronny Cedeno hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Caleb Thielbar ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Josh Willingham hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Josh Willingham hit 1 RBI single in the third . Marcell Ozuna hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Marcell Ozuna hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Derek Dietrich hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Derek Dietrich hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Marcell Ozuna hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	True
Josh Edgin ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ryan Howard hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Ryan Howard hit 2 RBI single in the first . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Ben Revere hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ben Revere hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Michael Young hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Michael Young hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Omar Quintanilla hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Omar Quintanilla hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Eric Young Jr. hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Eric Young Jr. hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Jordany Valdespin hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jordany Valdespin hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Kevin Frandsen hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jacob Turner ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 6 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Ed Lucas hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Ed Lucas hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Hector Sanchez hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Gerrit Cole ( 3 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 6 1/3 innings . Pedro Alvarez hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Pedro Alvarez hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jordy Mercer hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Jordy Mercer hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Starling Marte hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Starling Marte hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Addison Reed ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Alex Rios hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Alex Rios hit 1 RBI double in the third . Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI single in the third . Dayan Viciedo hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Dayan Viciedo hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Alejandro De Aza hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Alejandro De Aza hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jeff Samardzija ( 4 - 7 ) allowed 2 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 8 1/3 innings . Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI double in the first . Ryan Sweeney hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Ryan Sweeney hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Cody Ransom hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Cody Ransom hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Ronald Belisario ( 3 - 5 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Garrett Jones hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Garrett Jones hit 2 RBI double in the first . Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Pedro Alvarez hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Pedro Alvarez hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Alex Presley hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Sergio Romo ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 1/3 innings . Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Andres Torres hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Andres Torres hit 1 RBI double in the third . Tony Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Tony Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the third . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI single in the third . Chris Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Chris Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Buster Posey hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Buster Posey hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Melvin Upton hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Melvin Upton hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Nate Jones ( 2 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI single in the first . Ronny Cedeno hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Ronny Cedeno hit 1 RBI double in the second . Jason Castro hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jason Castro hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Chris Carter hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Chris Carter hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Brandon Barnes hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Brandon Barnes hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Evan Reed ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jhonny Peralta hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Trevor Plouffe hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Trevor Plouffe hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Joe Mauer hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Joe Mauer hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Miguel Cabrera scored on field error by Pedro Florimon in the eighth	True
Ian Krol ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI single in the third . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Michael Brantley hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Michael Brantley hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Chad Tracy hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Chad Tracy hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Anthony Rendon hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Juan Gutierrez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Alcides Escobar scored on wild pitch by Jeremy Hellickson in the sixth	True
Alcides Escobar scored on wild pitch by Jeremy Hellickson in the sixth . Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . David Lough hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
David Lough hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Miguel Tejada hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Miguel Tejada hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Elliot Johnson hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Elliot Johnson hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Jose Molina scored on field error by Miguel Tejada in the sixth	True
Jose Molina scored on field error by Miguel Tejada in the sixth . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . David Lough hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Patrick Corbin ( 9 - 0 ) allowed 4 runs , 8 hits and 0 walks in 5 innings . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Didi Gregorius hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Didi Gregorius hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Hyun-Jin Ryu hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth	False
Hyun-Jin Ryu hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth . Nick Punto hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Nick Punto hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Miguel Montero hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Miguel Montero hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI double in the 12th	True
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI double in the 12th . Cliff Pennington hit 1 RBI single in the 12th	False
Cliff Pennington hit 1 RBI single in the 12th . Gerardo Parra hit 2 RBI single in the 12th	True
Gerardo Parra hit 2 RBI single in the 12th . Ramon Hernandez hit 1 RBI homer in the 12th	True
Burke Badenhop ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jonathan Lucroy hit 3 RBI triple in the first	True
Jonathan Lucroy hit 3 RBI triple in the first . Jean Segura hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jean Segura hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Carlos Gomez hit 3 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Jeremy Horst ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Jimmy Rollins hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jimmy Rollins hit 1 RBI single in the first . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Erik Kratz hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Erik Kratz hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Yuniesky Betancourt hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Yuniesky Betancourt hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Jean Segura hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Jean Segura hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Steve Johnson ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 2 walks in 2 1/3 innings . J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jason Castro hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Jason Castro hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Carlos Pena hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Carlos Pena hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Matt Dominguez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Matt Dominguez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . J. D. Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
J. D. Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Alexi Casilla hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Alexi Casilla hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Matt Dominguez hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Matt Dominguez hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Matt Wieters hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Matt Wieters hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Manny Machado hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
James Russell ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Nate Schierholtz hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Nate Schierholtz hit 1 RBI single in the first . Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Alfonso Soriano hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ryan Sweeney hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ryan Sweeney hit 1 RBI single in the third . Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Cody Allen ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Mark Teixeira hit 4 RBI homer in the third	True
Mark Teixeira hit 4 RBI homer in the third . Carlos Santana hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	True
Carlos Santana hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Brett Gardner hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Brett Gardner hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Travis Hafner hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Patrick Corbin ( 9 - 0 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Gerardo Parra hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Gerardo Parra hit 2 RBI single in the second . Patrick Corbin scored on wild pitch by Edwin Jackson in the second	True
Patrick Corbin scored on wild pitch by Edwin Jackson in the second . Edwin Jackson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Edwin Jackson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Wil Nieves hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Wil Nieves hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Scott Hairston hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Scott Hairston hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Cody Ross hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	False
Cody Ross hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Wil Nieves hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Matt Reynolds ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Nate Schierholtz hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Nate Schierholtz hit 1 RBI double in the first . Jason Kubel hit 3 RBI double in the seventh	True
Jason Kubel hit 3 RBI double in the seventh . Nate Schierholtz hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Nate Schierholtz hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Paul Goldschmidt hit 4 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Paul Goldschmidt hit 4 RBI homer in the eighth . Cliff Pennington hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Cliff Pennington hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Aroldis Chapman ( 3 - 4 ) allowed 2 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in innings . Chris Denorfia hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	True
Gerrit Cole ( 5 - 4 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Russell Martin hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Russell Martin hit 1 RBI double in the second . Clint Barmes hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Clint Barmes hit 1 RBI single in the second . Ed Lucas hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ed Lucas hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Tony Cingrani ( 4 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Yasiel Puig hit 1 RBI homer in the 11th	True
Jordan Lyles ( 4 - 4 ) allowed 4 runs , 9 hits and 3 walks in 5 innings . Marc Krauss hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Marc Krauss hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Marc Krauss hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	False
Marc Krauss hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Brett Lawrie hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Brett Lawrie hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Jason Castro hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jason Castro hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Adam Lind hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Maicer Izturis hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Maicer Izturis hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Edwin Encarnacion hit 4 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Nick Vincent ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 4 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Carlos Quentin hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Carlos Quentin hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Alexi Amarista hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Alexi Amarista hit 1 RBI single in the third . Yonder Alonso hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Yonder Alonso hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Yuniesky Betancourt hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Yuniesky Betancourt hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Logan Schafer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Logan Schafer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Alexi Amarista hit a RBI single in the seventh	True
Alexi Amarista hit a RBI single in the seventh . Rene Rivera hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Rene Rivera hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Jesus Guzman hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Jesus Guzman hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Norichika Aoki hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Norichika Aoki hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Juan Francisco hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Juan Francisco hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Yuniesky Betancourt hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Yuniesky Betancourt hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Caleb Gindl hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Wei-Yin Chen ( 5 - 3 ) allowed 3 runs , 7 hits and 0 walks in 7 1/3 innings . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Matt Wieters hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Matt Wieters hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Eric Hosmer hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Eric Hosmer hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Alcides Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Casey Fien ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI single in the third . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Ryan Doumit hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Ryan Doumit hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Ryan Doumit hit 1 RBI double in the tenth	True
Ryan Doumit hit 1 RBI double in the tenth . Chris Herrmann hit 4 RBI homer in the tenth	True
Chris Herrmann hit 4 RBI homer in the tenth . Pedro Florimon hit 2 RBI homer in the tenth	False
Casey Fien ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Clete Thomas hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Clete Thomas hit 1 RBI double in the second . Aaron Hicks hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Aaron Hicks hit 1 RBI double in the second . Mike Trout hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Mike Trout hit 1 RBI single in the third . Clete Thomas hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Clete Thomas hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Doug Bernier hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Doug Bernier hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Collin Cowgill hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jeff Locke ( 9 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 4 walks in 6 innings . Garrett Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Garrett Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Zack Cozart scored on wild pitch by Jeff Locke in the fifth	True
Zack Cozart scored on wild pitch by Jeff Locke in the fifth . Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Jose Tabata hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Antonio Bastardo ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . David Wright hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
David Wright hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Marlon Byrd hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Marlon Byrd hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Juan Lagares hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Darren O'Day ( 5 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the second . Brian Roberts hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Brian Roberts hit 1 RBI single in the second . J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI double in the third . Manny Machado hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Manny Machado hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jake McGee ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI homer in the third . J. P. Arencibia hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
J. P. Arencibia hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Jose Bautista hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Jose Bautista hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Wil Myers hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Wil Myers hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Ryan Roberts hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ryan Roberts hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Desmond Jennings hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Desmond Jennings hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Wil Myers hit a RBI single in the ninth	False
Wil Myers hit a RBI single in the ninth . Sean Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Sean Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Brett Lawrie hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Bruce Rondon ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Billy Butler hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Wily Peralta ( 7 - 9 ) allowed 1 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Carlos Gomez hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Carlos Gomez hit 2 RBI single in the first . Logan Schafer hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Logan Schafer hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Miguel Montero hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Caleb Thielbar ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jamey Carroll hit 1 RBI single in the second . Pedro Florimon hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Pedro Florimon hit 1 RBI single in the second . Aaron Hicks hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Aaron Hicks hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the third . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Brian Dozier , Joe Mauer scored on field error by Lyle Overbay in the fourth	True
Brian Dozier , Joe Mauer scored on field error by Lyle Overbay in the fourth . Ichiro Suzuki hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Ichiro Suzuki hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Casey Fien ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the first . Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Ryan Doumit hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Ryan Doumit hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Pedro Florimon hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Koji Uehara ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Brock Holt hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Brock Holt hit 2 RBI single in the second . John Jaso hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
John Jaso hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Dustin Pedroia hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Michael Roth ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI double in the first . Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Mike Zunino hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Mike Zunino hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Dustin Ackley hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Dustin Ackley hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Mike Zunino scored on wild pitch by Garrett Richards in the fourth	True
Mike Zunino scored on wild pitch by Garrett Richards in the fourth . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Mike Trout hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Mike Trout hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Josh Edgin ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Pedro Alvarez hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Pedro Alvarez hit 2 RBI homer in the first . David Wright hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
David Wright hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	False
Neil Wagner ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . J. P. Arencibia hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
J. P. Arencibia hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Chris Davis hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Chris Davis hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Adam Jones hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Adam Jones hit 3 RBI homer in the third . J. J. Hardy hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
J. J. Hardy hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Adam Lind hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Aaron Loup ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Lonnie Chisenhall hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Lonnie Chisenhall hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth . Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Addison Reed ( 4 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the first . Matt Tuiasosopo hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Matt Tuiasosopo hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Josh Phegley hit 4 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Josh Phegley hit 4 RBI homer in the sixth . Alejandro De Aza hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Aroldis Chapman ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the first . Sean Halton hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Sean Halton hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Brandon Workman ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . David Ortiz hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
David Ortiz hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jacoby Ellsbury hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jacoby Ellsbury hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jacoby Ellsbury scored on field error by Brad Miller in the sixth	True
Jacoby Ellsbury scored on field error by Brad Miller in the sixth . Henry Blanco hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Henry Blanco hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Brendan Ryan hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Brendan Ryan hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	True
Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Daniel Nava scored on wild pitch by Tom Wilhelmsen in the ninth	False
Daniel Nava scored on wild pitch by Tom Wilhelmsen in the ninth . Mike Carp hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	True
Paul Clemens ( 4 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . A. J. Pierzynski hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
A. J. Pierzynski hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Marc Krauss hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Marc Krauss hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the third . J. D. Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
J. D. Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Ryan Pressly ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Jose Reyes hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	False
Jose Reyes hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Luis Avilan ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Chase Utley scored on field error by Freddie Freeman in the first	True
Chase Utley scored on field error by Freddie Freeman in the first . Humberto Quintero hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Humberto Quintero hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Humberto Quintero hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Humberto Quintero hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Dan Uggla hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Hyun-Jin Ryu ( 7 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 3 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Juan Uribe hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Juan Uribe hit 2 RBI double in the second . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the third . A. J. Ellis hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
A. J. Ellis hit 1 RBI single in the third . Juan Uribe hit 3 RBI triple in the third	True
Juan Uribe hit 3 RBI triple in the third . Hyun-Jin Ryu hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Hyun-Jin Ryu hit 1 RBI single in the third . Juan Uribe hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Juan Uribe hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Tony Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jacob Turner ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 4 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Allen Craig hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Allen Craig hit 1 RBI double in the first . Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI double in the third . Matt Adams hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Francisco Liriano ( 8 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 4 walks in 9 innings . Francisco Liriano hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Francisco Liriano hit 1 RBI single in the second . Scott Hairston hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Scott Hairston hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Neil Walker hit 1 RBI triple in the third	False
Neil Walker hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Garrett Jones hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Garrett Jones hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jose Tabata hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Cody Allen ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI single in the first . Drew Stubbs hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Drew Stubbs hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Drew Stubbs hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Drew Stubbs hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Lorenzo Cain hit 4 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Lorenzo Cain hit 4 RBI homer in the sixth . George Kottaras hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
George Kottaras hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Carlos Santana hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Carlos Santana hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Eric Hosmer hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Eric Hosmer hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Salvador Perez hit 3 RBI double in the eighth	False
Justin De Fratus ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Andrew McCutchen hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 2 RBI single in the third . Ben Revere hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Ben Revere hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Kevin Frandsen hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Kevin Frandsen hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Carlos Ruiz hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Carlos Ruiz hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Garrett Jones hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Patrick Corbin ( 9 - 1 ) allowed 5 runs , 6 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Anthony Recker hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Anthony Recker hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Josh Satin hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Josh Satin hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Anthony Recker hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Anthony Recker hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Omar Quintanilla hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Omar Quintanilla hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Eric Young Jr. hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Eric Young Jr. hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Juan Lagares hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Juan Lagares hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Omar Quintanilla hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Zack Wheeler ( 7 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Omar Quintanilla hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Omar Quintanilla hit 2 RBI double in the second . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the third . Matt den Dekker hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Matt den Dekker hit 1 RBI single in the third . Eric Young Jr. hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Eric Young Jr. hit 2 RBI single in the third . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Juan Lagares hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Shelby Miller ( 12 - 9 ) allowed 5 runs , 8 hits and 3 walks in 4 1/3 innings . Garrett Jones hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Garrett Jones hit 2 RBI double in the first . Garrett Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Garrett Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Russell Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Russell Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Garrett Jones hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Cody Allen ( 5 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Brian McCann hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Brian McCann hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Lonnie Chisenhall hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
B. J. Rosenberg ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ike Davis hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ike Davis hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jimmy Rollins hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Jimmy Rollins hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Cole Hamels hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Cole Hamels hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Andrew Brown hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Andrew Brown hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . John McDonald scored on field error by Scott Atchison in the ninth	False
Caleb Thielbar ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI single in the third . Doug Bernier hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Doug Bernier hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Drew Stubbs hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Drew Stubbs hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jordan Zimmermann ( 15 - 7 ) allowed 2 runs , 8 hits and 1 walks in 7 2/3 innings . Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI single in the first . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the third . Tyler Moore hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Tyler Moore hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Chad Tracy hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	False
Chad Tracy hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Ian Desmond hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Ian Desmond hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Rex Brothers ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ed Lucas hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Ed Lucas hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Ryan Wheeler hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Gerrit Cole ( 6 - 6 ) allowed 2 runs , 10 hits and 0 walks in 6 innings . Yonder Alonso hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Eury De La Rosa ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Mike Leake hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Mike Leake hit 1 RBI double in the second . Shin-Soo Choo hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Shin-Soo Choo hit 2 RBI single in the second . Chris Heisey hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Chris Heisey hit 1 RBI double in the third . Devin Mesoraco hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Devin Mesoraco hit 2 RBI single in the third . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jason Kubel hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Jason Kubel hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Adam Eaton hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Adam Eaton hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Tyler Lyons ( 2 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Matt Adams hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Matt Adams hit 1 RBI single in the second . Yadier Molina hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Yadier Molina hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Sean Halton hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Sean Halton hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Logan Schafer hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Logan Schafer hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Sean Halton hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Josh Roenicke ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Justin Morneau hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Justin Morneau hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Justin Morneau hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Justin Morneau hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Pedro Florimon hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Pedro Florimon hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Homer Bailey ( 8 - 10 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 8 innings . Ryan Hanigan hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Ryan Hanigan hit 2 RBI single in the second . Brandon Phillips hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Brandon Phillips hit 2 RBI single in the second . Chris Heisey hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Chris Heisey hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Ryan Hanigan hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Ryan Hanigan hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Khris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Jenrry Mejia ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 3 innings . Chris Denorfia hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Chris Denorfia hit 1 RBI single in the first . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the third . Nick Hundley hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Nick Hundley hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Alexi Amarista hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Alexi Amarista hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Ike Davis hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Ike Davis hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jesus Guzman hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Jesus Guzman hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jedd Gyorko hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Bryan Shaw ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the first . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Josh Donaldson hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Josh Donaldson hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Michael Bourn hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Michael Bourn hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Jason Kipnis hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Rex Brothers ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Nate McLouth hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Adam Jones hit 1 RBI single in the third . Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Charlie Culberson hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Charlie Culberson hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Wilin Rosario hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Wilin Rosario hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Todd Helton hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Todd Helton hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Greg Holland ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Eric Hosmer hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Cody Allen ( 5 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Yoenis Cespedes hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Yoenis Cespedes hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Carlos Santana hit a RBI single in the third	True
Carlos Santana hit a RBI single in the third . Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Eric Sogard hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Nate Jones ( 3 - 4 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI single in the first . Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Josh Willingham hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Josh Willingham hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Chris Herrmann hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Darren O'Day ( 5 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in innings . Nick Markakis scored on wild pitch by Wade Miley in the first	True
Nick Markakis scored on wild pitch by Wade Miley in the first . Brian Roberts hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Brian Roberts hit 1 RBI single in the second . Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Brian Roberts hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Brian Roberts hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Adam Eaton hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Adam Eaton hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Wil Nieves hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Wil Nieves hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Adam Eaton hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Chris Tillman ( 14 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 8 innings . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Adam Jones hit 1 RBI single in the first . J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Chris Davis hit 2 RBI double in the tenth	False
Chris Davis hit 2 RBI double in the tenth . Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	True
Rubby De La Rosa ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Mike Moustakas hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Mike Moustakas hit 2 RBI single in the first . Billy Butler hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Billy Butler hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Justin Maxwell hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Justin Maxwell hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
David Robertson ( 4 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Alfonso Soriano hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Alfonso Soriano hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Vernon Wells hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Vernon Wells hit 1 RBI single in the third . Eduardo Nunez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Eduardo Nunez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI homer in the 12th	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI homer in the 12th . Alejandro De Aza hit 2 RBI triple in the 12th	True
Jhoulys Chacin ( 10 - 6 ) allowed 2 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Omar Quintanilla hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Omar Quintanilla hit 1 RBI single in the second . John Buck hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
John Buck hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Wilmer Flores hit 3 RBI double in the eighth	False
Henderson Alvarez ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 6 hits and 0 walks in 7 innings . Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI single in the third . Donovan Solano hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Donovan Solano hit 1 RBI single in the third . Andrew McCutchen hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 2 RBI double in the third . Pedro Alvarez hit 1 RBI triple in the third	True
Pedro Alvarez hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Josh Harrison hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
David Robertson ( 4 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Conor Gillaspie hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Conor Gillaspie hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Alejandro De Aza hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Alejandro De Aza hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Brett Gardner hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Matt Garza ( 7 - 2 ) allowed 4 runs , 8 hits and 1 walks in 8 innings . Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI single in the first . Yoenis Cespedes hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Yoenis Cespedes hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Wade Davis ( 8 - 11 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Billy Butler hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Billy Butler hit 2 RBI double in the first . Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI single in the first . Emilio Bonifacio hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Emilio Bonifacio hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Emilio Bonifacio hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Emilio Bonifacio hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Gordon Beckham hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Carlos Marmol ( 2 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . Tony Abreu hit 3 RBI triple in the second	True
Tony Abreu hit 3 RBI triple in the second . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Carl Crawford scored on field error by Brandon Crawford in the fourth	True
Carl Crawford scored on field error by Brandon Crawford in the fourth . Pablo Sandoval hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Pablo Sandoval hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Tony Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Tony Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ethan Martin ( 2 - 5 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . Adeiny Hechavarria hit 2 RBI triple in the second	True
Adeiny Hechavarria hit 2 RBI triple in the second . Freddy Galvis hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Freddy Galvis hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Cesar Hernandez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Eury De La Rosa ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 4 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Chase Headley hit 1 RBI double in the first . Randall Delgado hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Randall Delgado hit 1 RBI single in the third . Tommy Medica hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Tommy Medica hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Chris Denorfia hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Chris Denorfia hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Jedd Gyorko hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Jedd Gyorko hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Rene Rivera hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Rene Rivera hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Chase Headley hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Chris Robinson hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Chris Robinson hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Josh Collmenter ( 5 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Didi Gregorius hit 1 RBI triple in the 12th	True
Drew Storen ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Shane Robinson hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Shane Robinson hit 1 RBI single in the third . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Jorge De Leon ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Chris Carter hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Chris Carter hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Michael Bourn hit 2 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Michael Bourn hit 2 RBI triple in the sixth . Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Casey Janssen ( 4 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Adam Lind hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Rajai Davis hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Rajai Davis hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jonny Gomes hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jonny Gomes hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . J. P. Arencibia hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Steve Johnson ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Desmond Jennings hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Desmond Jennings hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Desmond Jennings hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	True
Desmond Jennings hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
J. J. Hoover ( 5 - 5 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the first . Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Russell Martin hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Russell Martin hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Pedro Alvarez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Daniel Webb ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Andy Dirks hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Andy Dirks hit 2 RBI single in the first . Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI double in the second . Alex Avila hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Alex Avila hit 1 RBI single in the third . Torii Hunter hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Torii Hunter hit 2 RBI single in the third . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the third . Avisail Garcia hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Avisail Garcia hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Prince Fielder hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Prince Fielder hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Omar Infante hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth	False
Omar Infante hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth . Avisail Garcia hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Madison Bumgarner ( 13 - 9 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 3 walks in 7 innings . Juan Perez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Juan Perez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Tanner Scheppers ( 6 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Ian Kinsler hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Ian Kinsler hit 2 RBI single in the third . Elvis Andrus hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Elvis Andrus hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Jose Lobaton hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jose Lobaton hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Leonys Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Craig Kimbrel ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 3 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 1/3 innings . Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI double in the first . Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI single in the first . Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Dan Uggla hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Evan Gattis hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Evan Gattis hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Elliot Johnson scored on field error by Ian Desmond in the ninth	False
Elliot Johnson scored on field error by Ian Desmond in the ninth . Jeff Kobernus , Anthony Rendon scored on field error by Andrelton Simmons in the ninth	False
A. J. Ramos ( 3 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Travis d'Arnaud hit 1 RBI single in the 12th	True
B. J. Rosenberg ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . John Mayberry hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
John Mayberry hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Carlos Ruiz hit 3 RBI double in the fifth	False
Carlos Ruiz hit 3 RBI double in the fifth . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Preston Guilmet ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Ryan Raburn hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Ryan Raburn hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI double in the second . Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Alejandro De Aza hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Alejandro De Aza hit 1 RBI single in the third . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Michael Bourn hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Michael Bourn hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Nick Swisher hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Nick Swisher hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Ryan Raburn hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Drew Storen ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Anthony Rendon hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Donovan Hand ( 0 - 4 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Matt Holliday hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Matt Holliday hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Matt Carpenter hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Matt Carpenter hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Matt Adams hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Matt Adams hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Logan Schafer hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Alex Wood ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 4 runs , 9 hits and 3 walks in 4 2/3 innings . Freddie Freeman hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Freddie Freeman hit 2 RBI single in the third . Carlos Ruiz hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Carlos Ruiz hit 2 RBI single in the third . Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Freddy Galvis hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Freddy Galvis hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Chris Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Chris Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Kevin Frandsen hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Kevin Frandsen hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Andrelton Simmons hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Andrelton Simmons hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Freddy Galvis hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Brett Cecil ( 5 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Chris Colabello hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Chris Colabello hit 1 RBI single in the second . Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI single in the third . Brett Lawrie hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Brett Lawrie hit 2 RBI single in the third . Moises Sierra hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Moises Sierra hit 2 RBI double in the third . Chris Colabello hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Chris Colabello hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Josmil Pinto hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Paco Rodriguez ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in innings . Carl Crawford hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Carl Crawford hit 2 RBI single in the second . Jhoulys Chacin hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Jhoulys Chacin hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Josh Rutledge hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Josh Rutledge hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Nick Punto , Michael Young , Andre Ethier scored on field error by Charlie Culberson in the ninth	False
Jake Diekman ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ryan Sweeney hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Ryan Sweeney hit 1 RBI single in the first . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI double in the third . Darin Ruf hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Darin Ruf hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Welington Castillo hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Koji Uehara ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . David Ortiz hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
David Ortiz hit 1 RBI double in the first . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . David Ross hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
David Ross hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Jacoby Ellsbury hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Junichi Tazawa ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jonny Gomes hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jonny Gomes hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Matt Carpenter hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Kevin Siegrist ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI single in the second . Zack Greinke hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Zack Greinke hit 1 RBI single in the second . Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI triple in the third	True
Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI double in the third . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Carl Crawford hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Carl Crawford hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . A. J. Ellis hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
A. J. Ellis hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Matt Adams hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Matt Adams hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Pete Kozma hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Drew Smyly ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the first . Alex Avila hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Alex Avila hit 1 RBI single in the first . Yoenis Cespedes hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Junichi Tazawa ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Grady Sizemore hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Grady Sizemore hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Paco Rodriguez ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the second . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	True
Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Juan Uribe hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Juan Uribe hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Yasiel Puig hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Yasiel Puig hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Trevor Plouffe hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Josh Lueke ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Will Middlebrooks hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Will Middlebrooks hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Jackie Bradley hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	False
Jackie Bradley hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Shane Victorino hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Ryan Hanigan hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Ryan Hanigan hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . David Ortiz hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
David Ortiz hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Esmil Rogers ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Billy Butler scored on wild pitch by Dustin McGowan in the second	True
Billy Butler scored on wild pitch by Dustin McGowan in the second . Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth	True
Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth . Melky Cabrera scored on wild pitch by Jason Vargas in the fifth	True
Melky Cabrera scored on wild pitch by Jason Vargas in the fifth . Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Salvador Perez hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Salvador Perez hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Salvador Perez hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Salvador Perez hit 2 RBI double in the eighth . Jarrod Dyson hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jarrod Dyson hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Norichika Aoki hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Norichika Aoki hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Omar Infante hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Omar Infante hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Edwin Encarnacion hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Josh Lueke ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . David DeJesus scored on field error by Dayan Viciedo in the fifth	True
David DeJesus scored on field error by Dayan Viciedo in the fifth . Marcus Semien hit a RBI single in the sixth	True
Marcus Semien hit a RBI single in the sixth . Jose Abreu hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jose Abreu hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Alexei Ramirez hit a RBI single in the sixth	True
Alexei Ramirez hit a RBI single in the sixth . Marcus Semien hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Marcus Semien hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Jose Abreu hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jose Abreu hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Stolmy Pimentel ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 2 2/3 innings . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Gaby Sanchez hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Gaby Sanchez hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Jose Tabata hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jose Tabata hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Tony Sanchez hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Ian Krol ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Nick Castellanos hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Nick Castellanos hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Nick Castellanos hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Nick Castellanos hit 1 RBI single in the third . Rajai Davis hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Rajai Davis hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI single in the third . Torii Hunter hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Torii Hunter hit 2 RBI single in the third . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Chris Colabello hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Chris Colabello hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jason Kubel hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Jason Kubel hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Madison Bumgarner ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 9 hits and 1 walks in 8 innings . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Kelvin Herrera ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Michael Brantley hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Michael Brantley hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Alcides Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Alcides Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jason Kipnis hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Dominic Leone ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Donovan Solano hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Anthony Bass ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Jonathan Villar hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jonathan Villar hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Craig Gentry hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Craig Gentry hit 1 RBI double in the third . Matt Dominguez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Matt Dominguez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Josh Reddick hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Luis Avilan ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Chris Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Chris Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the second . Freddie Freeman hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Freddie Freeman hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Dan Uggla hit a RBI double in the eighth	True
Dan Uggla hit a RBI double in the eighth . Jordan Schafer hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Jake Odorizzi ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 3 runs , 5 hits and 3 walks in 5 innings . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Aaron Crow ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Danny Valencia hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Danny Valencia hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jason Castro hit 2 RBI homer in the third	False
Jason Castro hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Marc Krauss hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Marc Krauss hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Salvador Perez hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Salvador Perez hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI homer in the 11th	True
Seth Maness ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Allen Craig hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Allen Craig hit 1 RBI double in the third . Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Jhonny Peralta hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Dan Straily ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 6 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 3 2/3 innings . Mike Trout hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Mike Trout hit 1 RBI double in the first . Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the first . Eric Sogard hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Eric Sogard hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI double in the third . Chris Iannetta hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	False
Chris Iannetta hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Kole Calhoun hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Kole Calhoun hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Eric Sogard hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Eric Sogard hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Craig Gentry scored on wild pitch by Garrett Richards in the seventh	True
Craig Gentry scored on wild pitch by Garrett Richards in the seventh . Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Derek Norris hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Derek Norris hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . David Freese hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
David Freese hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Mike Trout hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Mike Trout hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Josh Donaldson hit 1 RBI double in the 11th	True
Carlos Martinez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jon Jay hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Josh Lueke ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the first . Ryan Flaherty hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Ryan Flaherty hit 1 RBI single in the second . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI double in the second . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI double in the second . J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI double in the third . Steve Lombardozzi hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Steve Lombardozzi hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ryan Flaherty hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Ryan Flaherty hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Justin Wilson ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Gio Gonzalez ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 6 runs , 9 hits and 4 walks in 6 innings . Justin Upton hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Justin Upton hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI double in the second . Freddie Freeman hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Freddie Freeman hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	True
Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Andrelton Simmons hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Andrelton Simmons hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Brett Cecil ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Jose Bautista scored on field error by Jonathan Schoop in the fourth	True
Josh Collmenter ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 4 innings . Paul Goldschmidt hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Paul Goldschmidt hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Michael Morse hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Michael Morse hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Eric Chavez hit 1 RBI triple in the third	False
Eric Chavez hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Gerardo Parra hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Gerardo Parra hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Buster Posey hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Drew Smyly ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 3 innings . Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI single in the first . Anibal Sanchez hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Anibal Sanchez hit 1 RBI double in the second . Nick Castellanos hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Nick Castellanos hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Dee Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Dee Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI homer in the tenth	True
Tyson Ross ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 7 runs , 5 hits and 5 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Yan Gomes scored on field error by Jedd Gyorko in the third	True
Yan Gomes scored on field error by Jedd Gyorko in the third . Jedd Gyorko hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Jedd Gyorko hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . David Murphy hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
David Murphy hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Jedd Gyorko hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jedd Gyorko hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . David Murphy hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
David Murphy hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Nyjer Morgan hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	False
Nyjer Morgan hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Xavier Nady hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Xavier Nady hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Chris Denorfia scored on field error by Nick Swisher in the ninth	False
Chris Denorfia scored on field error by Nick Swisher in the ninth . Yasmani Grandal hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Yu Darvish ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Elvis Andrus hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Elvis Andrus hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Donnie Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
David Hale ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Evan Gattis hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 6 runs , 10 hits and 2 walks in 4 innings . Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Michael Cuddyer hit 1 RBI single in the first . Carlos Gonzalez hit 2 RBI triple in the third	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 2 RBI triple in the third . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI single in the third . Charlie Blackmon hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Charlie Blackmon hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Carlos Gonzalez hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Carlos Gonzalez hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Charlie Blackmon hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Justin Grimm ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the first . Mike Olt hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Mike Olt hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Tony Sanchez hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	True
Vidal Nuno ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jesus Guzman hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Jesus Guzman hit 2 RBI homer in the first . L. J. Hoes hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
L. J. Hoes hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI single in the second . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Brian McCann hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Rex Brothers ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Wilin Rosario hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Wilin Rosario hit 1 RBI double in the third . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI single in the third . Marlon Byrd hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Marlon Byrd hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Ryan Howard hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Brad Brach ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI double in the second . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Manny Machado hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Manny Machado hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Khris Davis hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Junichi Tazawa ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI homer in the first . David Ross hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
David Ross hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . David Ortiz hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
David Ortiz hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Jackie Bradley hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jeanmar Gomez ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Bobby Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the third . Juan Lagares hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Juan Lagares hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Starling Marte hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Starling Marte hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Juan Lagares hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Juan Lagares hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Jake Arrieta ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 4 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Michael Morse hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Michael Morse hit 1 RBI single in the first . Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
J. J. Hoover ( 1 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Andre Ethier hit 3 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Andre Ethier hit 3 RBI triple in the fourth . Chone Figgins hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Chone Figgins hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Roger Bernadina hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Roger Bernadina hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Devin Mesoraco hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Tyler Skaggs ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 5 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the first . Dustin Ackley scored on field error by Erick Aybar in the second	True
Dustin Ackley scored on field error by Erick Aybar in the second . Michael Saunders hit 1 RBI triple in the second	True
Michael Saunders hit 1 RBI triple in the second . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the second . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Stephen Strasburg ( 3 - 4 ) allowed 3 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Neil Walker hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Neil Walker hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Josh Harrison hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Fernando Rodriguez ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Melky Cabrera hit a RBI single in the third	True
Melky Cabrera hit a RBI single in the third . Brett Lawrie hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Brett Lawrie hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Anthony Gose , Jose Reyes scored on field error by Brandon Moss in the fifth	True
Rob Wooten ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Mark Reynolds hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Mark Reynolds hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth	False
Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth . Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Mark Reynolds hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Mark Reynolds hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Garrett Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Garrett Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Khris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Khris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Garrett Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Garrett Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Ed Lucas hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Blake Treinen ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 5 walks in 5 2/3 innings . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Josh Harrison hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Juan Gutierrez ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Hector Sanchez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Hector Sanchez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Brandon Crawford hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Brett Cecil ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Juan Francisco hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Juan Francisco hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Alex Rios hit 2 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Alex Rios hit 2 RBI triple in the fourth . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Mitch Moreland hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Mitch Moreland hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Sonny Gray ( 5 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 3 walks in 6 innings . Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI single in the second . Josh Reddick hit 4 RBI homer in the second	True
Josh Reddick hit 4 RBI homer in the second . Josh Donaldson hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
Josh Donaldson hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI homer in the third	False
Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Josh Reddick hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Garrett Richards ( 4 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 5 hits and 0 walks in 7 innings . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Efren Navarro hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Efren Navarro hit 1 RBI single in the second . Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Bryan Morris ( 3 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . Chris Stewart hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	True
Chris Stewart hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Starling Marte hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Jake Odorizzi ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Wil Myers scored on wild pitch by Dominic Leone in the fourth	True
Casey Fien ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Danny Santana hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Danny Santana hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Josmil Pinto hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Josmil Pinto hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Eduardo Nunez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Tyler Skaggs ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 8 innings . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI double in the first . C. J. Cron hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
C. J. Cron hit 1 RBI single in the second . Chris Iannetta hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Chris Iannetta hit 2 RBI homer in the second . C. J. Cron hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
C. J. Cron hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Erick Aybar hit a RBI single in the sixth	True
Erick Aybar hit a RBI single in the sixth . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Dioner Navarro hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Vidal Nuno ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 6 1/3 innings . Mark Teixeira hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Mark Teixeira hit 2 RBI double in the first . Brett Gardner hit a RBI single in the first	True
Brett Gardner hit a RBI single in the first . Brian Roberts hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Brian Roberts hit 1 RBI single in the first . Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI homer in the second . John Ryan Murphy hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	True
John Ryan Murphy hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . C. J. Cron hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Seth Maness ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Justin Upton hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Justin Upton hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Chris Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Greg Holland ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Yasmani Grandal hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Yasmani Grandal hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the 11th . Billy Butler hit 1 RBI double in the 11th	False
Shawn Kelley ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 3 runs , 0 hits and 4 walks in 2/3 innings . Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Martin Perez ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 5 runs , 7 hits and 3 walks in 5 innings . Nolan Arenado hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Nolan Arenado hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Troy Tulowitzki hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Troy Tulowitzki hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Mitch Moreland hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jarred Cosart ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 3 walks in 7 innings . Rajai Davis hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Rajai Davis hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jenrry Mejia ( 3 - 0 ) allowed 8 runs , 9 hits and 2 walks in 4 1/3 innings . David Wright hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
David Wright hit 1 RBI double in the first . Anthony Recker hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Anthony Recker hit 1 RBI single in the first . Lucas Duda hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Lucas Duda hit 1 RBI single in the first . Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI single in the third . Anthony Recker hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Anthony Recker hit 1 RBI double in the third . Anthony Recker scored on field error by Nolan Arenado in the third	True
Anthony Recker scored on field error by Nolan Arenado in the third . Ryan Wheeler hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Ryan Wheeler hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Drew Stubbs hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Drew Stubbs hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Nolan Arenado hit 4 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Nolan Arenado hit 4 RBI homer in the fifth . Chris Young hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Chris Young hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Chris Young hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Chris Young hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Juan Lagares hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Juan Lagares hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Charlie Culberson hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Tanner Roark ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 7 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 4 innings . Ryan Howard hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Ryan Howard hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Cody Asche hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Cody Asche hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Marlon Byrd hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Marlon Byrd hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Zach Walters hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Sergio Romo ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Angel Pagan hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Angel Pagan hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Michael Morse hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Dominic Leone ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Jose Altuve scored on field error by Abraham Almonte in the third	True
Jose Altuve scored on field error by Abraham Almonte in the third . Marc Krauss hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Marc Krauss hit 1 RBI single in the third . Mike Zunino hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Mike Zunino hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Marc Krauss hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Marc Krauss hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Kyle Seager hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	False
Kyle Seager hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . George Springer hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Kyle Crockett ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Clint Robinson hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Josh Edgin ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Travis d'Arnaud hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Travis d'Arnaud hit 1 RBI double in the second . Tommy La Stella hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Tommy La Stella hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Chris Johnson scored on field error by Eric Campbell in the eighth	True
Jeurys Familia ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Eric Campbell hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Eric Campbell hit 1 RBI double in the first . Lucas Duda scored on wild pitch by Gerrit Cole in the first	True
Lucas Duda scored on wild pitch by Gerrit Cole in the first . Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit 1 RBI single in the first . Daniel Murphy hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Daniel Murphy hit 2 RBI single in the second . Neil Walker hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Mike Morin ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the third . David Freese hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
David Freese hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . David Freese hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
David Freese hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Brandon Workman ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 4 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Kelly Johnson hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Kelly Johnson hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Brett Gardner hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Brett Gardner hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Brian McCann hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Julio Teheran ( 7 - 5 ) allowed 2 runs , 6 hits and 0 walks in 7 innings . Freddie Freeman hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Freddie Freeman hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI double in the second . Marlon Byrd hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Craig Stammen ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Starlin Castro hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Starlin Castro hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Welington Castillo hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Welington Castillo hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Anthony Rendon hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Anthony Rendon hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Denard Span hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Denard Span hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Justin Ruggiano hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	True
Andre Rienzo ( 4 - 5 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Adam Lind hit 1 RBI double in the first . Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI triple in the second	True
Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI triple in the second . Adam Lind hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Adam Lind hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
A. J. Ramos ( 4 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 3 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Marcell Ozuna hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Marcell Ozuna hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Domonic Brown scored on field error by Jeff Baker in the seventh	True
Domonic Brown scored on field error by Jeff Baker in the seventh . Chase Utley hit 2 RBI homer in the 14th	True
Caleb Thielbar ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Josh Hamilton hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Josh Hamilton hit 2 RBI single in the first . Howie Kendrick hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Howie Kendrick hit 2 RBI single in the first . Josh Willingham hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Josh Willingham hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Sam Fuld hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Sam Fuld hit 1 RBI single in the second . Danny Santana hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Danny Santana hit 1 RBI double in the second . Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI single in the second . Mike Trout hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Tim Lincecum ( 5 - 5 ) allowed 4 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI triple in the first	True
Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI triple in the first . Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Chris Owings hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth	False
David Buchanan ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 7 2/3 innings . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Ryan Howard hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Ryan Howard hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Matt Carpenter hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Kevin Gausman ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Michael Mariot ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Billy Butler , Alex Gordon scored on field error by Leury Garcia in the fourth	True
Billy Butler , Alex Gordon scored on field error by Leury Garcia in the fourth . Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Billy Butler hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Billy Butler hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Troy Patton ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Chase Headley hit 1 RBI double in the first . Jimmy Rollins hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jimmy Rollins hit 1 RBI single in the first . Reid Brignac hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Reid Brignac hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . John Mayberry hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
John Mayberry hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh . Yasmani Grandal hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Justin Grimm ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Andrew McCutchen hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 2 RBI homer in the first . John Baker hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
John Baker hit 1 RBI single in the second . Starling Marte hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Corey Knebel ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Alejandro De Aza hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Alejandro De Aza hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Gordon Beckham hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	False
Gordon Beckham hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Conor Gillaspie hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Conor Gillaspie hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Rajai Davis hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Michael Wacha ( 4 - 5 ) allowed 4 runs , 4 hits and 4 walks in 5 innings . Yadier Molina hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Yadier Molina hit 2 RBI single in the third . Matt Carpenter hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Matt Carpenter hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Matt Joyce hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Matt Joyce hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Desmond Jennings hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Desmond Jennings hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Neil Ramirez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Anthony Rizzo hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Andrew McCutchen hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Darwin Barney hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Darwin Barney hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Luis Valbuena hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Luis Valbuena hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Drew Pomeranz ( 5 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 3 walks in 7 innings . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Collin Cowgill hit 1 RBI homer in the 14th	True
Chris Perez ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI double in the second . Dee Gordon hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Dee Gordon hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Hanley Ramirez hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Hanley Ramirez hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Justin Turner hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Justin Turner hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Caleb Thielbar ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Danny Santana hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Danny Santana hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Edwin Encarnacion hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Kurt Suzuki hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Kurt Suzuki hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Kevin Pillar hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Alex Wood ( 5 - 6 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Justin Upton hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Justin Upton hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . David Peralta hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
David Peralta hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Chris Owings hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Chris Owings hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Paul Goldschmidt hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Paul Goldschmidt hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Tommy La Stella hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Tommy La Stella hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Ramiro Pena hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Dominic Leone ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Endy Chavez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	True
Endy Chavez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . James Jones hit 2 RBI triple in the ninth	False
James Jones hit 2 RBI triple in the ninth . Kyle Seager hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Shae Simmons ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Didi Gregorius hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Didi Gregorius hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jason Heyward hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Jason Heyward hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Brandon McCarthy hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Brandon McCarthy hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Andrelton Simmons hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Andrelton Simmons hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Justin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Chad Jenkins ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 2 1/3 innings . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI triple in the third	True
Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Dioner Navarro hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Dioner Navarro hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Erik Kratz hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Erik Kratz hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Juan Francisco hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Juan Francisco hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Brett Lawrie hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Brett Lawrie hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Casey Fien ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Josmil Pinto hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Josmil Pinto hit 1 RBI single in the second . Josh Willingham hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Josh Willingham hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Martin Maldonado hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Martin Maldonado hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Brian Dozier hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Brian Dozier hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Lyle Overbay hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Dominic Leone ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI single in the first . Evan Gattis hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Evan Gattis hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Brad Miller hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Brad Miller hit 1 RBI single in the second . James Jones hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
James Jones hit 1 RBI single in the second . Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Stefen Romero hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Stefen Romero hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . John Buck hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jake Petricka ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jose Abreu hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jose Abreu hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Clayton Kershaw scored on field error by Conor Gillaspie in the sixth	True
Clayton Kershaw scored on field error by Conor Gillaspie in the sixth . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Justin Turner hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Justin Turner hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Drew Butera hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Kevin Quackenbush ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Paul Konerko hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Chase Headley hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Tyler Flowers hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Tyler Flowers hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Paul Konerko hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	False
Justin Wilson ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Pedro Alvarez hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Pedro Alvarez hit 2 RBI single in the first . Justin Turner hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Justin Turner hit 1 RBI single in the second . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Justin Turner hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Justin Turner hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Pedro Alvarez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Pedro Alvarez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Josh Harrison hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Josh Harrison hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Scott Van Slyke hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Dominic Leone ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI single in the first . Dustin Ackley hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Dustin Ackley hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI double in the third . Jason Kipnis hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Jason Kipnis hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Mike Zunino hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Pedro Hernandez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 5 2/3 innings . Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	True
Evan Scribner ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Josh Reddick hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Josh Reddick hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Enrique Hernandez hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth	False
Enrique Hernandez hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth . Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Enrique Hernandez hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Enrique Hernandez hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Alberto Callaspo hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Alberto Callaspo hit 2 RBI single in the ninth . Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Josh Donaldson hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Evan Marshall ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Devin Mesoraco hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Devin Mesoraco hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Miguel Montero hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Miguel Montero hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Nick Ahmed hit 1 RBI single in the 15th	True
Tanner Roark ( 10 - 6 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Zach Walters hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Zach Walters hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Anthony Rendon hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Anthony Rendon hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ryan Ludwick hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Kyle Crockett ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Carlos Santana hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Carlos Santana hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Billy Butler hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Clay Buchholz ( 5 - 6 ) allowed 5 runs , 6 hits and 4 walks in 6 innings . David Ortiz hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
David Ortiz hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI double in the first . Josh Thole hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Josh Thole hit 1 RBI double in the first . Xander Bogaerts hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Xander Bogaerts hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Ryan Goins hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Ryan Goins hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth . Ryan Goins scored on field error by Xander Bogaerts in the sixth	True
Ryan Goins scored on field error by Xander Bogaerts in the sixth . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Blaine Hardy ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Alex Avila hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Alex Avila hit 2 RBI double in the second . Austin Jackson hit 3 RBI double in the fourth	True
Austin Jackson hit 3 RBI double in the fourth . Rajai Davis hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Rajai Davis hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Didi Gregorius hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Didi Gregorius hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . David Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
David Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Miguel Cabrera hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Jumbo Diaz ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Aroldis Chapman ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Skip Schumaker hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Skip Schumaker hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jacoby Ellsbury hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Jacoby Ellsbury hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Mario Hollands ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 1 hits and 4 walks in 1 innings . John Mayberry hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
John Mayberry hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Chris Johnson hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Chris Johnson hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Tommy La Stella hit 3 RBI double in the third	True
Tommy La Stella hit 3 RBI double in the third . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Marlon Byrd hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Tommy Kahnle ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Starling Marte hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth	True
Starling Marte hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth . DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Travis Snider hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Tyson Ross ( 7 - 10 ) allowed 1 runs , 6 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Yasiel Puig hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Ian Krol ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . J. D. Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
J. D. Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Alcides Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Alcides Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Omar Infante hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Omar Infante hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Dallas Beeler ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 4 walks in 5 innings . Ramon Santiago hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Ramon Santiago hit 1 RBI double in the second . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Billy Hamilton hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth	False
Billy Hamilton hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Eric Stults ( 3 - 11 ) allowed 3 runs , 5 hits and 0 walks in 5 innings . Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jake Goebbert hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jake Goebbert hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Wilin Rosario hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Wilin Rosario hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Seth Smith hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Seth Smith hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Chris Denorfia scored on wild pitch by < pitcher > in the fifth	True
Chris Denorfia scored on wild pitch by < pitcher > in the fifth . Drew Stubbs hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Drew Stubbs hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Zach Putnam ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Dayan Viciedo hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jarred Cosart ( 9 - 6 ) allowed 6 runs , 9 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Carlos Corporan hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Carlos Corporan hit 1 RBI single in the second . Enrique Hernandez hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Enrique Hernandez hit 1 RBI single in the second . Marwin Gonzalez hit 3 RBI triple in the second	True
Marwin Gonzalez hit 3 RBI triple in the second . Alex Presley hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Alex Presley hit 1 RBI single in the second . Leonys Martin scored on field error by Jon Singleton in the second	True
Leonys Martin scored on field error by Jon Singleton in the second . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI double in the third . Jon Singleton hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jon Singleton hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Elvis Andrus hit 3 RBI double in the fourth	False
Elvis Andrus hit 3 RBI double in the fourth . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Alex Presley hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Alex Presley hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Jon Singleton hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Jon Singleton hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Alex Rios hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Brian Schlitter ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Evan Marshall ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Paul Goldschmidt hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Paul Goldschmidt hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Chris Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Chris Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Nick Evans hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Collin McHugh ( 4 - 8 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 2 walks in 4 innings . Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI single in the third . Carlos Corporan hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Carlos Corporan hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Andrew Heaney ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 5 runs , 8 hits and 3 walks in 3 2/3 innings . Casey McGehee hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Casey McGehee hit 1 RBI single in the first . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the first . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Allen Craig hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Allen Craig hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Christian Yelich hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Christian Yelich hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Casey McGehee hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Casey McGehee hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Jeff Baker hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jake Diekman ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Christian Yelich hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Christian Yelich hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Cameron Rupp hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	False
Cameron Rupp hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Jeff Baker hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Danny Farquhar ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Enrique Hernandez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Enrique Hernandez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . James Jones scored on wild pitch by Brad Peacock in the sixth	True
James Jones scored on wild pitch by Brad Peacock in the sixth . Logan Morrison hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Logan Morrison hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . John Buck hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
John Buck hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Tanner Roark ( 12 - 9 ) allowed 4 runs , 11 hits and 0 walks in 6 1/3 innings . Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Nate Schierholtz hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Nate Schierholtz hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Dustin Ackley hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Dustin Ackley hit 1 RBI single in the third . Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Dustin Ackley hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Dustin Ackley hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Endy Chavez hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Cody Allen ( 5 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Adam Dunn hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Rex Brothers ( 4 - 5 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Buster Posey hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Buster Posey hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Buster Posey hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Drew Storen ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Freddy Galvis hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Freddy Galvis hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Darin Ruf hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Darin Ruf hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Kevin Frandsen hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Kevin Frandsen hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Koji Uehara ( 6 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Mookie Betts hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Mookie Betts hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Dustin Pedroia hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Dustin Pedroia hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Edwin Encarnacion hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Edwin Encarnacion hit 2 RBI double in the ninth . Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	True
Michael Pineda ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 5 hits and 0 walks in 6 1/3 innings . Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Stephen Drew hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Jacoby Ellsbury hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jacoby Ellsbury hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Jacoby Ellsbury hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
A. J. Ramos ( 5 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Nolan Arenado hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Nolan Arenado hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Michael McKenry hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Michael McKenry hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jeff Mathis hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jeff Mathis hit 1 RBI double in the second . Christian Yelich hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Christian Yelich hit 1 RBI single in the second . Drew Stubbs hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Drew Stubbs hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Jeff Baker hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Jeff Baker hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . DJ LeMahieu hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Chris Sale ( 10 - 3 ) allowed 4 runs , 4 hits and 3 walks in 6 innings . Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Conor Gillaspie hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Conor Gillaspie hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Ichiro Suzuki hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	False
Ichiro Suzuki hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Avisail Garcia hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Avisail Garcia hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Brian McCann hit 3 RBI homer in the tenth	False
Seth Maness ( 5 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Carlos Ruiz hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Carlos Ruiz hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Oscar Taveras hit a RBI single in the sixth	True
Oscar Taveras hit a RBI single in the sixth . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Marlon Byrd hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Rafael Montero ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Dee Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Dee Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the third . Dan Haren hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Dan Haren hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Dee Gordon scored on field error by Wilmer Flores in the seventh	True
Dee Gordon scored on field error by Wilmer Flores in the seventh . Matt Kemp hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	True
Matt Kemp hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . A. J. Ellis hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
James Paxton ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 4 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 4 innings . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Marlon Byrd hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Marlon Byrd hit 1 RBI single in the third . Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Logan Morrison scored on wild pitch by Cole Hamels in the fourth	True
Logan Morrison scored on wild pitch by Cole Hamels in the fourth . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Addison Reed ( 1 - 5 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . David Peralta hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
David Peralta hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ian Desmond hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Ian Desmond hit 2 RBI single in the third . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 3 RBI double in the third	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 3 RBI double in the third . Ian Desmond hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Aroldis Chapman ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 4 runs , 0 hits and 4 walks in innings . Corey Dickerson hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Corey Dickerson hit 1 RBI double in the first . Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI single in the first . Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jay Bruce hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jay Bruce hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Zack Cozart hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Zack Cozart hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Zack Cozart scored on wild pitch by Jordan Lyles in the fifth	True
Zack Cozart scored on wild pitch by Jordan Lyles in the fifth . Kristopher Negron hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Kristopher Negron hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Corey Dickerson hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Corey Dickerson hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Brayan Pena hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Brayan Pena hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Drew Stubbs hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Hector Santiago ( 3 - 7 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Efren Navarro hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Efren Navarro hit 1 RBI single in the second . Rougned Odor hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Rougned Odor hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Mike Carp hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Mike Carp hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Adam Rosales hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Tyson Ross ( 11 - 11 ) allowed 3 runs , 5 hits and 4 walks in 6 innings . Matt Adams hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Matt Adams hit 1 RBI single in the first . Kolten Wong hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Kolten Wong hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Will Venable hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Will Venable hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Oscar Taveras hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Oscar Taveras hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Yasmani Grandal hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Matt Stites ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Cliff Pennington hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Cliff Pennington hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Aaron Hill hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Aaron Hill hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI single in the first . Garrett Jones hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Stolmy Pimentel ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in innings . Nick Castellanos hit 1 RBI triple in the second	True
Nick Castellanos hit 1 RBI triple in the second . Russell Martin hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Russell Martin hit 1 RBI double in the third . Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	False
Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Travis Snider hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Travis Snider hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Alex Avila hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Alex Avila hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Nick Castellanos hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Nick Castellanos hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Tyler Matzek ( 2 - 8 ) allowed 5 runs , 8 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Rene Rivera hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Rene Rivera hit 1 RBI single in the first . Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI single in the third . Rymer Liriano hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Rymer Liriano hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Abraham Almonte hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Wily Peralta ( 14 - 7 ) allowed 3 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 6 1/3 innings . Justin Ruggiano hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Justin Ruggiano hit 1 RBI single in the second . Arismendy Alcantara hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Arismendy Alcantara hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Carlos Frias ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Justin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Justin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Carl Crawford hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Carl Crawford hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Carl Crawford hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Carl Crawford hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Evan Gattis hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Nick Martinez ( 2 - 8 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Jason Castro hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jason Castro hit 1 RBI single in the third . Alex Rios hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Alex Rios hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Adam Rosales hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Adam Rosales hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Robinson Chirinos scored on wild pitch by Dallas Keuchel in the fifth	True
Robinson Chirinos scored on wild pitch by Dallas Keuchel in the fifth . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jeremy Hellickson ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 7 innings . Kevin Kiermaier hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Kevin Kiermaier hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Desmond Jennings hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Desmond Jennings hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Eric Sogard hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Eric Sogard hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Josh Reddick hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Blaine Hardy ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Chase Headley hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Brian McCann hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Craig Kimbrel ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 3 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI double in the first . Yangervis Solarte hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Yangervis Solarte hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Yangervis Solarte scored on wild pitch by Jordan Walden in the seventh	True
Yangervis Solarte scored on wild pitch by Jordan Walden in the seventh . Chris Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Chris Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Will Venable hit 1 RBI single in the 12th	True
Miles Mikolas ( 1 - 4 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Lonnie Chisenhall hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Lonnie Chisenhall hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Greg Holland ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Raul Ibanez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Phil Klein ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI double in the first . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI single in the third . Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Yan Gomes hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Yan Gomes hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . David Murphy hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
David Murphy hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Yan Gomes scored on wild pitch by Nate Adcock in the fifth	True
Yan Gomes scored on wild pitch by Nate Adcock in the fifth . Mike Aviles hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Mike Aviles hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Lonnie Chisenhall hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Lonnie Chisenhall hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Craig Kimbrel ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Emilio Bonifacio hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Emilio Bonifacio hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Tommy Milone ( 6 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Nick Castellanos hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Nick Castellanos hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Eric Fryer hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Eric Fryer hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Eduardo Escobar hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Eduardo Escobar hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Chris Herrmann hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Chris Herrmann hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Eduardo Escobar hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Chasen Shreve ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Justin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Justin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the first . Chris Johnson hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Chris Johnson hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Cody Asche hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Cody Asche hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Freddy Galvis hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Freddy Galvis hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Cody Asche scored on wild pitch by Ervin Santana in the sixth	True
Michael Tonkin ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Joe Mauer hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Joe Mauer hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Rajai Davis hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Mike Morin ( 4 - 3 ) allowed 4 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the first . Howie Kendrick hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Howie Kendrick hit 2 RBI double in the third . Collin Cowgill hit a RBI single in the seventh	True
Collin Cowgill hit a RBI single in the seventh . Josh Reddick hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Josh Reddick hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Nick Punto hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Nick Punto hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Coco Crisp hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Yordano Ventura ( 14 - 10 ) allowed 0 runs , 4 hits and 4 walks in 7 innings . Omar Infante hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Omar Infante hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Billy Butler hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Billy Butler hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Salvador Perez hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Salvador Perez hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Alex Gordon hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Dominic Leone ( 7 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI single in the first . Robinson Cano hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Robinson Cano hit 2 RBI single in the third . Dalton Pompey hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Dalton Pompey hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Adam Lind hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Josh Thole hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Josh Thole hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Edwin Encarnacion hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Andrew Chafin ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 4 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 3 innings . Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the second . Chris Parmelee hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Chris Parmelee hit 2 RBI single in the second . Chris Owings hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Chris Owings hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Aaron Hicks hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Aaron Hicks hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Ender Inciarte hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Justin De Fratus ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ed Lucas hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Seth Maness ( 6 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Welington Castillo hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Welington Castillo hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Matt Szczur hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Matt Szczur hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Matt Holliday hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Matt Holliday hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Welington Castillo hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	True
Jacob deGrom ( 9 - 6 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 3 walks in 6 innings . Ruben Tejada hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Ruben Tejada hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Justin Upton scored on field error by Ruben Tejada in the fifth	True
Justin Upton scored on field error by Ruben Tejada in the fifth . Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Anthony Recker hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Aaron Sanchez ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI double in the first . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Brian McCann hit 1 RBI single in the third . Francisco Cervelli hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Francisco Cervelli hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Danny Valencia hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Danny Valencia hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Dioner Navarro hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Dioner Navarro hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Derek Jeter hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Taijuan Walker ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 8 hits and 2 walks in 5 2/3 innings . Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI single in the first . Dustin Ackley hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Dustin Ackley hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Mike Zunino hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Mike Zunino hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Kyle Seager hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Kyle Seager hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jonathan Villar hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jonathan Villar hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Dustin Ackley hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Dustin Ackley hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Jonathan Villar hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Craig Stammen ( 4 - 5 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Reed Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Reed Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the second . Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Kevin Frandsen hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Kevin Frandsen hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Jeff Baker hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Junichi Tazawa ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Mookie Betts hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Mookie Betts hit 1 RBI single in the third . Chris Stewart hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Chris Stewart hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Starling Marte hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Pedro Villarreal ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Chris Valaika hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Chris Valaika hit 1 RBI single in the second . Ryan Kalish hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Ryan Kalish hit 1 RBI double in the second . Luis Valbuena hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Scott Snodgress ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Lorenzo Cain hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Lorenzo Cain hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Alcides Escobar hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Alcides Escobar hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Matt Barnes ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Gregory Polanco hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Gregory Polanco hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Clint Barmes hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Clint Barmes hit 2 RBI double in the second . Josh Harrison hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Josh Harrison hit 1 RBI single in the second . Neil Walker hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Neil Walker hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Ike Davis hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Luis Garcia ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Rene Rivera scored on field error by Cody Asche in the second	True
A. J. Ramos ( 6 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 3 walks in innings . Wilmer Flores hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Wilmer Flores hit 2 RBI double in the first . Jordany Valdespin hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	True
Jordany Valdespin hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Travis d'Arnaud hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Travis d'Arnaud hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Adeiny Hechavarria hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Adeiny Hechavarria hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Jeff Mathis hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Erik Cordier ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Mark Trumbo hit 4 RBI homer in the third	True
Mark Trumbo hit 4 RBI homer in the third . A. J. Pollock hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	True
A. J. Pollock hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Buster Posey hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Matt Barnes ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Norichika Aoki hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Norichika Aoki hit 1 RBI single in the first . Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Omar Infante hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Mark Melancon ( 3 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ike Davis hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Ike Davis hit 1 RBI single in the second . Neil Walker hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Neil Walker hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Gregory Polanco hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Gregory Polanco hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Carlos Ruiz hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Collin McHugh ( 9 - 9 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 8 innings . Jon Singleton hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Jon Singleton hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Jonathan Villar hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Justin Wilson ( 3 - 4 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI double in the second . David Buchanan hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
David Buchanan hit 1 RBI single in the second . Russell Martin hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Russell Martin hit 2 RBI double in the third . Freddy Galvis hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Freddy Galvis hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Maikel Franco hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jake Buchanan ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Brad Miller hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Brad Miller hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Brad Miller hit 2 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Brad Miller hit 2 RBI triple in the eighth . Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Gerrit Cole ( 8 - 5 ) allowed 4 runs , 9 hits and 0 walks in 6 innings . Neil Walker hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Neil Walker hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Starling Marte hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Starling Marte hit 1 RBI single in the second . Jordy Mercer hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Jordy Mercer hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jose Tabata hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jose Tabata hit 1 RBI single in the second . Gaby Sanchez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Gaby Sanchez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Mike Olt hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Mike Olt hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Welington Castillo hit a RBI double in the sixth	True
Welington Castillo hit a RBI double in the sixth . Gerrit Cole hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Gerrit Cole hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Matt Szczur hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Kevin Gausman ( 7 - 7 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 4 walks in 7 innings . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Wil Myers hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Wil Myers hit 1 RBI single in the third . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Dillon Gee ( 6 - 7 ) allowed 2 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Dilson Herrera hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Dilson Herrera hit 1 RBI single in the second . Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Chris Heisey hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jeanmar Gomez ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Kolten Wong hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Kolten Wong hit 1 RBI single in the second . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Odubel Herrera hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Odubel Herrera hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Peter Bourjos hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth	True
Peter Bourjos hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth . Matt Adams hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Matt Adams hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Rafael Montero ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 5 2/3 innings . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . J. T. Realmuto hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
J. T. Realmuto hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Marcell Ozuna scored on wild pitch by Buddy Carlyle in the sixth	True
Marcell Ozuna scored on wild pitch by Buddy Carlyle in the sixth . Juan Lagares hit 3 RBI double in the seventh	True
Juan Lagares hit 3 RBI double in the seventh . Michael Morse hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Junichi Tazawa ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jimmy Paredes hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jimmy Paredes hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . David Ortiz hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
David Ortiz hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Everth Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Everth Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Brock Holt hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Brock Holt hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Brad Brach ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Josh Donaldson hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Josh Donaldson hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Danny Valencia hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Danny Valencia hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Kevin Pillar hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	False
Kevin Pillar hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Russell Martin hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Russell Martin hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Manny Machado hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Manny Machado hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Travis Snider hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Travis Snider hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Manny Machado hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Yordano Ventura ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Kendrys Morales hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Kendrys Morales hit 2 RBI single in the first . Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI double in the 13th	True
Will Harris ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the first . Mike Zunino hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Mike Zunino hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Brad Miller hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Brad Miller hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Chris Carter hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Casey Fien ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI single in the first . Kennys Vargas hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jason Garcia ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Ryan Goins hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Ryan Goins hit 2 RBI single in the second . Josh Donaldson hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Josh Donaldson hit 1 RBI double in the second . Ryan Flaherty hit 1 RBI double in the third	False
Ryan Flaherty hit 1 RBI double in the third . Kevin Pillar hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Kevin Pillar hit 2 RBI single in the third . Ryan Goins hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ryan Goins hit 1 RBI single in the third . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Ryan Flaherty scored on field error by Ryan Goins in the seventh	True
Ryan Flaherty scored on field error by Ryan Goins in the seventh . Jose Bautista hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Michael Blazek ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Josh Harrison scored on wild pitch by Matt Garza in the first	True
Josh Harrison scored on wild pitch by Matt Garza in the first . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the first . Luis Jimenez scored on field error by Josh Harrison in the second	True
Luis Jimenez scored on field error by Josh Harrison in the second . Pedro Alvarez hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Pedro Alvarez hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Chris Stewart hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Mike Morin ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Luis Valbuena hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Luis Valbuena hit 2 RBI homer in the third . C. J. Cron hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
C. J. Cron hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Jason Castro hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Jason Castro hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jumbo Diaz ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Matt Adams hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Matt Adams hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Matt Carpenter hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	False
Matt Carpenter hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Randall Delgado ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Paul Goldschmidt hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Paul Goldschmidt hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Yonder Alonso hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Yonder Alonso hit 1 RBI double in the second . Justin Upton hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Dan Jennings ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Lonnie Chisenhall hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Lonnie Chisenhall hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . JB Shuck hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
J. J. Hoover ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI double in the first . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jorge Soler hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Jorge Soler hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI single in the first . Marlon Byrd hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Marlon Byrd hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Chris Coghlan hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Chris Coghlan hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Jorge Soler hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jorge Soler hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Arismendy Alcantara hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	False
Angel Nesbitt ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI single in the first . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the second . J. D. Martinez hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
J. D. Martinez hit 2 RBI single in the second . Ryan Raburn hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Ryan Raburn hit 2 RBI single in the third . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . J. D. Martinez hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Blaine Hardy ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Anthony Gose hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Anthony Gose hit 1 RBI single in the second . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Nicholas Castellanos hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Nicholas Castellanos hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jose Iglesias hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jose Iglesias hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Jose Iglesias scored on field error by Marc Rzepczynski in the seventh	True
Jose Iglesias scored on field error by Marc Rzepczynski in the seventh . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	True
Nick Martinez ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 4 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI single in the first . Mitch Moreland hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Mitch Moreland hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Shin-Soo Choo hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Shin-Soo Choo hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Rougned Odor hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Rougned Odor hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Marcus Semien hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	True
Kevin Siegrist ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Cody Allen ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Carlos Martinez ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the first . Matt Carpenter hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Matt Carpenter hit 1 RBI single in the second . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Joba Chamberlain ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Mike Trout hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Mike Trout hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Miguel Cabrera scored on field error by Johnny Giavotella in the sixth	True
Miguel Cabrera scored on field error by Johnny Giavotella in the sixth . Johnny Giavotella hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	True
Cody Allen ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Mike Zunino hit 1 RBI homer in the third	False
Mike Zunino hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jose Ramirez scored on field error by Chris Taylor in the fourth	True
Jose Ramirez scored on field error by Chris Taylor in the fourth . Dustin Ackley hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Collin McHugh ( 5 - 2 ) allowed 4 runs , 9 hits and 0 walks in 6 innings . Chris Carter hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Chris Carter hit 1 RBI double in the second . Chris Davis hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Chris Davis hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Evan Gattis hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Evan Gattis hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Nick Martinez ( 4 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI single in the third . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI single in the third . Elvis Andrus hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Elvis Andrus hit 2 RBI single in the third . Carlos Corporan hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Carlos Corporan hit 1 RBI double in the third . Shin-Soo Choo hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Shin-Soo Choo hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Shin-Soo Choo scored on wild pitch by Esmil Rogers in the sixth	True
Shin-Soo Choo scored on wild pitch by Esmil Rogers in the sixth . Adam Rosales hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Adam Rosales hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Prince Fielder hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Prince Fielder hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Didi Gregorius hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Didi Gregorius hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . John Ryan Murphy hit 1 RBI triple in the ninth	False
Ken Giles ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Odubel Herrera hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Odubel Herrera hit 1 RBI double in the second . Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
J. J. Hoover ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI single in the second . Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI double in the third . Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Brandon Moss hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Brandon Moss hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Bryan Shaw ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI single in the first . Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Nick Swisher hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Tyler Flowers hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jesse Hahn ( 1 - 4 ) allowed 3 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Jake Marisnick hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jake Marisnick hit 1 RBI single in the third . Billy Butler scored on field error by Chris Carter in the sixth	True
Billy Butler scored on field error by Chris Carter in the sixth . Evan Gattis hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Evan Gattis hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Chris Carter hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Keone Kela ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . David Ortiz hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
David Ortiz hit 1 RBI single in the first . Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . David Ortiz hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
David Ortiz hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Tommy Field hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Tommy Field hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Robinson Chirinos hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Robinson Chirinos hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth . Leonys Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Adam Liberatore ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Buster Posey hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Buster Posey hit 1 RBI single in the third . Brandon Belt scored on wild pitch by Chris Hatcher in the eighth	True
Evan Scribner ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Eric Sogard hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Eric Sogard hit 1 RBI single in the second . Brett Lawrie hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jake Odorizzi ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 3 runs , 8 hits and 0 walks in 6 innings . David DeJesus hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
David DeJesus hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Kevin Kiermaier hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Kevin Kiermaier hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Danny Santana hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Junichi Tazawa ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Mike Napoli hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Mike Napoli hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Chris Colabello hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Chris Colabello hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Pablo Sandoval hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Pablo Sandoval hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Josh Donaldson hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Zac Rosscup ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Miguel Montero hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Miguel Montero hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Martin Maldonado hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Martin Maldonado hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Elian Herrera hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Elian Herrera hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Martin Maldonado hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Brandon Cunniff ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI double in the third . Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Bryce Harper hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Bryce Harper hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Danny Espinosa hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Danny Espinosa hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Bryce Harper hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Bryce Harper hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Danny Espinosa hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Brandon Maurer ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Will Venable hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Will Venable hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Chris Owings hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Chris Owings hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the third . Wil Myers hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Wil Myers hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . A. J. Pollock hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
A. J. Pollock hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . David Peralta hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
David Peralta hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Will Venable hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Steve Geltz ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Logan Forsythe hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Logan Forsythe hit 1 RBI single in the third . Blake Swihart hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Blake Swihart hit 1 RBI double in the third . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Joey Butler hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Joey Butler hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Mookie Betts hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Mookie Betts hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Drew Smyly ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Mookie Betts hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Mookie Betts hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Mookie Betts hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Ken Roberts ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Justin Upton hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Justin Upton hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Michael McKenry hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Michael McKenry hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Derek Norris hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Derek Norris hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Nolan Arenado hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Nolan Arenado hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Justin Upton hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Justin Upton hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Jedd Gyorko hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Jedd Gyorko hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Mike Fiers ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Ryan Braun hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI single in the second . Jean Segura hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jean Segura hit 1 RBI single in the second . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Jean Segura hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Jean Segura hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Logan Schafer scored on field error by Anthony Rizzo in the ninth	False
Mike Morin ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Norichika Aoki hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Norichika Aoki hit 2 RBI single in the second . Mike Trout hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Mike Trout hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Brandon Crawford hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Brandon Crawford hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Casey McGehee hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Casey McGehee hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Buster Posey hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Buster Posey hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . David Freese hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Drew Storen ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI single in the first . Michael A. Taylor scored on field error by Domonic Brown in the fifth	True
Michael A. Taylor scored on field error by Domonic Brown in the fifth . Matthew den Dekker hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Matthew den Dekker hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Domonic Brown hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Domonic Brown hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Ben Revere hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Mychal Givens ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Mookie Betts hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Mookie Betts hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Dustin Pedroia hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Dustin Pedroia hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . David Ortiz hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Josh A. Smith ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 4 runs , 3 hits and 6 walks in 3 innings . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI single in the first . Pedro Alvarez hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Pedro Alvarez hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Francisco Cervelli hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Francisco Cervelli hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Gregory Polanco scored on field error by Eugenio Suarez in the fourth	True
Gregory Polanco scored on field error by Eugenio Suarez in the fourth . Andrew McCutchen hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Arquimedes Caminero ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Bryce Harper hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Bryce Harper hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Jose Lobaton hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jose Lobaton hit 1 RBI single in the first . Michael A. Taylor hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Michael A. Taylor hit 1 RBI single in the first . Gio Gonzalez hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Gio Gonzalez hit 1 RBI double in the first . Yunel Escobar hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Yunel Escobar hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Corey Hart hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	True
Michael Blazek ( 4 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Charlie Blackmon hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Charlie Blackmon hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Adam Lind hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Ben Paulsen hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Ben Paulsen hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Nick Martinez ( 5 - 3 ) allowed 3 runs , 6 hits and 3 walks in 6 innings . Avisail Garcia , Jose Abreu scored on field error by Elvis Andrus in the third	True
Avisail Garcia , Jose Abreu scored on field error by Elvis Andrus in the third . Carlos Corporan hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Chris Heston ( 7 - 5 ) allowed 3 runs , 7 hits and 0 walks in 5 2/3 innings . Yasmani Grandal hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Yasmani Grandal hit 1 RBI single in the second . Buster Posey hit 4 RBI homer in the third	True
Buster Posey hit 4 RBI homer in the third . Justin Turner hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Justin Turner hit 1 RBI double in the third . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Brandon Crawford hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Brandon Crawford hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Matt Duffy hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Matt Duffy hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Gregor Blanco hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Gregor Blanco hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Justin Turner hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Justin Turner hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Alberto Callaspo hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Madison Bumgarner ( 7 - 4 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 8 innings . Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Josh Ravin ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in innings . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Justin Turner hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Justin Turner hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Robinson Chirinos hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Chasen Shreve ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Mark Teixeira hit 1 RBI double in the first . Nolan Reimold hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Nolan Reimold hit 2 RBI single in the first . Caleb Joseph hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Caleb Joseph hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . John Ryan Murphy hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Ken Giles ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Josh Harrison hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Casey Fien ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Eduardo Nunez hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Eduardo Nunez hit 1 RBI double in the first . Joey Gallo hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Joey Gallo hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Leonys Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Leonys Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Shane Robinson hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Shane Robinson hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth . Eddie Rosario hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Daniel Hudson ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ender Inciarte hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Tommy Kahnle ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Giancarlo Stanton hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Giancarlo Stanton hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Christian Yelich hit 1 RBI triple in the second	True
Christian Yelich hit 1 RBI triple in the second . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI single in the second . Jeff Baker hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Elvis Araujo ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Brayan Pena hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Brayan Pena hit 1 RBI single in the first . Ivan De Jesus hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Ivan De Jesus hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Cameron Rupp hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Cameron Rupp hit 1 RBI single in the second . Cameron Rupp hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Cameron Rupp hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Brayan Pena hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Blake Treinen ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Denard Span hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Denard Span hit 1 RBI double in the third . Danny Espinosa hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Danny Espinosa hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Brendan Ryan hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Brendan Ryan hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Brett Gardner hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Brett Gardner hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	True
Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Brian McCann hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Michael A. Taylor hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Michael A. Taylor hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Luke Hochevar ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the first . Alex Gordon hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Alex Gordon hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI single in the third . Alcides Escobar scored on field error by Torii Hunter in the fifth	True
Alcides Escobar scored on field error by Torii Hunter in the fifth . Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Chris Heston ( 6 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 9 innings . Chris Heston hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Chris Heston hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Matt Duffy hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Matt Duffy hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Joe Panik hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Brandon Maurer ( 3 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Clint Barmes hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Clint Barmes hit 1 RBI double in the second . Will Venable hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Will Venable hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Yonder Alonso hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Yonder Alonso hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Will Venable hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Will Venable hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Derek Norris hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Derek Norris hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Jace Peterson scored on field error by Cory Spangenberg in the sixth	True
Jace Peterson scored on field error by Cory Spangenberg in the sixth . Andrelton Simmons hit 3 RBI double in the sixth	True
Andrelton Simmons hit 3 RBI double in the sixth . Jonny Gomes hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jonny Gomes hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Joey Terdoslavich hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Roenis Elias ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI double in the first . Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI double in the second . Yan Gomes hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Yan Gomes hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Seth Smith hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Seth Smith hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Yan Gomes hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
T. J. McFarland ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in innings . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Adam Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Manny Machado hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Manny Machado hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Travis Snider hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Travis Snider hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Jimmy Paredes hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jimmy Paredes hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Ryan Raburn hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
AJ Ramos ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . J. T. Realmuto hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
J. T. Realmuto hit 1 RBI single in the second . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Adeiny Hechavarria hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Adeiny Hechavarria hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Dee Gordon hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Dee Gordon hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Wei-Yin Chen ( 1 - 4 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 6 1/3 innings . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the first . Hank Conger hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Hank Conger hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Tony Cingrani ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI double in the first . Maikel Franco hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Maikel Franco hit 1 RBI double in the first . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Anthony DeSclafani scored on field error by Carlos Ruiz in the fifth	True
Anthony DeSclafani scored on field error by Carlos Ruiz in the fifth . Billy Hamilton hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Billy Hamilton hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Ben Revere hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Aroldis Chapman ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . Brandon Phillips hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Brandon Phillips hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Joey Votto hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Joey Votto hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Maikel Franco hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Maikel Franco hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth . Cody Asche scored on field error by Ryan Mattheus in the 11th	True
Tommy Hunter ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Chris Carter hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Chris Carter hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Delmon Young hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Chris Carter hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Chris Carter hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . George Springer hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Adam Liberatore ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Enrique Hernandez hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Enrique Hernandez hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Joc Pederson hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Joc Pederson hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Adrian Gonzalez hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 2 RBI homer in the third . DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI single in the third . Nick Hundley hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Nick Hundley hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Brandon Barnes hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Brandon Barnes hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Joc Pederson hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Joc Pederson hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Troy Tulowitzki hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Brandon Barnes hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Brandon Barnes hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Alex Guerrero hit 4 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Zac Rosscup ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Adeiny Hechavarria hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Adeiny Hechavarria hit 1 RBI double in the second . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI double in the third . Junior Lake hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Junior Lake hit 1 RBI double in the third . Marcell Ozuna hit 3 RBI double in the fifth	True
Marcell Ozuna hit 3 RBI double in the fifth . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Kendall Graveman ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 3 runs , 8 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Miguel Cabrera scored on wild pitch by Kendall Graveman in the fourth	True
Miguel Cabrera scored on wild pitch by Kendall Graveman in the fourth . Nicholas Castellanos hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Nicholas Castellanos hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Billy Burns hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Billy Burns hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Ben Zobrist hit 4 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Erasmo Ramirez ( 8 - 4 ) allowed 4 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Alejandro De Aza hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Alejandro De Aza hit 1 RBI single in the first . Blake Swihart hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Blake Swihart hit 2 RBI single in the first . Steven Souza Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Steven Souza Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the second . Mikie Mahtook hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Mikie Mahtook hit 1 RBI single in the third . Alejandro De Aza hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Alejandro De Aza hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . John Jaso hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
John Jaso hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Mike Napoli hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Mike Napoli hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Blake Swihart scored on wild pitch by Brandon Gomes in the eighth	False
Matt Shoemaker ( 5 - 7 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Jason Castro hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	True
Kendall Graveman ( 6 - 7 ) allowed 4 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Matt Duffy hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Matt Duffy hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI single in the first . Josh Reddick scored on wild pitch by Tim Hudson in the second	True
Josh Reddick scored on wild pitch by Tim Hudson in the second . Matt Duffy hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Matt Duffy hit 1 RBI single in the second . Brett Lawrie hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Brett Lawrie hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Billy Butler hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Matt Wisler ( 5 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 7 hits and 3 walks in 7 innings . Ryan Lavarnway hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Ryan Lavarnway hit 1 RBI double in the second . Cameron Maybin hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Cameron Maybin hit 1 RBI single in the second . Stephen Piscotty hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Stephen Piscotty hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Adonis Garcia hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Angel Castro ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI double in the first . Angel Pagan hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Angel Pagan hit 1 RBI single in the second . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Brandon Belt scored on field error by Brett Lawrie in the fifth	True
Brandon Belt scored on field error by Brett Lawrie in the fifth . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Eric Sogard hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Eric Sogard hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Brandon Belt hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Darren O'Day ( 5 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . John Jaso hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
John Jaso hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Tim Beckham hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Andrew McKirahan ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Randal Grichuk hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Randal Grichuk hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the third . Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Cameron Maybin hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Cameron Maybin hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Cameron Maybin scored on wild pitch by Tim Cooney in the sixth	True
Brad Hand ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Justin Bour hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Justin Bour hit 1 RBI double in the first . Brett Wallace hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Brett Wallace hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Yonder Alonso hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Yonder Alonso hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Carter Capps ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Adeiny Hechavarria hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Adeiny Hechavarria hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Michael Morse hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Michael Morse hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Christian Yelich hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jon Lester ( 5 - 8 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 7 1/3 innings . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the third . Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Brandon Finnegan ( 3 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI double in the first . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the first . Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI double in the first . Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the third . Adam Eaton hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Adam Eaton hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Paulo Orlando hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Paulo Orlando hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . JB Shuck hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
JB Shuck hit 2 RBI double in the ninth . Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI homer in the 13th	True
Bruce Rondon ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Yoenis Cespedes hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Yoenis Cespedes hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . J. D. Martinez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
J. D. Martinez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Eddie Rosario hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Eddie Rosario hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Danny Santana hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Danny Santana hit 2 RBI single in the ninth . Brian Dozier hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Mike Morin ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Mike Zunino hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Mike Zunino hit 1 RBI single in the second . Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Seth Smith hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Johnny Cueto ( 6 - 5 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 9 innings . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI double in the first . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI triple in the first	True
Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI triple in the first . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Vince Velasquez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 6 1/3 innings . David Murphy hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
David Murphy hit 1 RBI double in the first . Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Mike Morin ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Albert Pujols hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Albert Pujols hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Matt Joyce hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Matt Joyce hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Johnny Giavotella hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Johnny Giavotella hit 1 RBI single in the second . Mike Trout hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
Mike Trout hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Chris Iannetta hit 2 RBI homer in the third	False
Chris Iannetta hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Drew Stubbs hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Drew Stubbs hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Justin DeFratus ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Freddy Galvis hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Freddy Galvis hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI double in the second . Ryan Howard hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Ryan Howard hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Odubel Herrera hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Odubel Herrera hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Yasmani Grandal hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Yasmani Grandal hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jimmy Rollins hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jimmy Rollins hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Joc Pederson hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Kevin Siegrist ( 3 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Kolten Wong hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Kolten Wong hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Randal Grichuk hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Randal Grichuk hit 2 RBI double in the ninth . Peter Bourjos hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Dallas Keuchel ( 11 - 3 ) allowed 3 runs , 9 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Evan Gattis hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Evan Gattis hit 1 RBI single in the first . Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI double in the first . Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Preston Tucker hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Preston Tucker hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Preston Tucker hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Preston Tucker hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Trevor Gott ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI single in the first . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the first . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Mike Trout hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Mike Trout hit 1 RBI single in the second . David Freese hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
David Freese hit 1 RBI single in the third . Johnny Giavotella hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Johnny Giavotella hit 1 RBI single in the third . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . C. J. Cron hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
C. J. Cron hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Kole Calhoun hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Kole Calhoun hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Mitch Moreland hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Mitch Moreland hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	False
Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Rougned Odor hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Ken Giles ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Carlos Ruiz hit 2 RBI double in the tenth	True
Carlos Ruiz hit 2 RBI double in the tenth . Freddy Galvis hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	True
Hunter Strickland ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Joe Panik hit a RBI single in the third	True
Joe Panik hit a RBI single in the third . Dan Haren hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Dan Haren hit 1 RBI single in the third . Dee Gordon hit 1 RBI triple in the third	True
Dee Gordon hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Gregor Blanco hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Gregor Blanco hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Brandon Crawford hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Brandon Crawford hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Matt Duffy hit a RBI single in the seventh	False
Matt Duffy hit a RBI single in the seventh . Justin Bour hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Adam Liberatore ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Enrique Hernandez hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Enrique Hernandez hit 1 RBI double in the third . Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI single in the third . Justin Turner hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Justin Turner hit 1 RBI double in the third . Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . David Peralta hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Chasen Shreve ( 6 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Mookie Betts hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Mookie Betts hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Didi Gregorius hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Didi Gregorius hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . David Ortiz hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Carson Smith ( 1 - 5 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Drew Rucinski ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Nicholas Castellanos hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Nicholas Castellanos hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . J. D. Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Scott Oberg ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . DJ LeMahieu scored on field error by Adonis Garcia in the first	True
DJ LeMahieu scored on field error by Adonis Garcia in the first . DJ LeMahieu hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
DJ LeMahieu hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Brad Brach ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Adam Jones hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Adam Jones hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Steve Clevenger hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Steve Clevenger hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Mike Moustakas hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Mike Moustakas hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Omar Infante hit 2 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Omar Infante hit 2 RBI triple in the sixth . Lorenzo Cain hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Tommy Milone ( 6 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Miguel Sano hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Miguel Sano hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Jonathan Schoop hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jonathan Schoop hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jonathan Schoop hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Jonathan Schoop hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Trevor Plouffe hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Eduardo Escobar scored on field error by Jimmy Paredes in the 12th	True
Franklin Morales ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jackie Bradley hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jackie Bradley hit 1 RBI double in the second . Josh Rutledge hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Josh Rutledge hit 1 RBI single in the second . Eric Hosmer scored on field error by Mookie Betts in the fourth	True
Eric Hosmer scored on field error by Mookie Betts in the fourth . Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Rusney Castillo hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Rusney Castillo hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jackie Bradley hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Jackie Bradley hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Jackie Bradley scored on field error by Franklin Morales in the seventh	True
Jackie Bradley scored on field error by Franklin Morales in the seventh . Eric Hosmer hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Eric Hosmer hit 2 RBI single in the ninth . Mike Moustakas hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Corey Knebel ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Jonathan Lucroy hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Jonathan Lucroy hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI double in the first . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI single in the third	False
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI single in the third . Danny Espinosa hit 3 RBI double in the third	True
Danny Espinosa hit 3 RBI double in the third . Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Anthony Rendon hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Anthony Rendon hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Elian Herrera hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Elian Herrera hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Khris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Andrew McKirahan ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Chris Coghlan hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Chris Coghlan hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Nick Markakis hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Nick Markakis hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Miguel Montero scored on field error by Pedro Ciriaco in the fifth	True
Miguel Montero scored on field error by Pedro Ciriaco in the fifth . Kris Bryant hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Kris Bryant hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Miguel Montero hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Miguel Montero hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Yusmeiro Petit ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the first . Jung Ho Kang hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Jung Ho Kang hit 1 RBI double in the third . Neil Walker hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Trevor Gott ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI double in the first . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the first . Kole Calhoun scored on wild pitch by Yordano Ventura in the sixth	True
Kole Calhoun scored on wild pitch by Yordano Ventura in the sixth . David Murphy hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
David Murphy hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	True
Andrew Chafin ( 5 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Jace Peterson scored on field error by Nick Ahmed in the fifth	True
Jace Peterson scored on field error by Nick Ahmed in the fifth . Cameron Maybin hit 1 RBI homer in the tenth	True
Trevor Gott ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Conor Gillaspie hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Conor Gillaspie hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Avisail Garcia hit 1 RBI double in the 13th	True
Hector Santiago ( 7 - 6 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Melky Cabrera hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Melky Cabrera hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Trayce Thompson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Brad Brach ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jonathan Schoop hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Jonathan Schoop hit 1 RBI double in the first . Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI homer in the first . David Murphy hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
David Murphy hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . David Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Nate Jones ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Alex Rios hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Alex Rios hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
A. J. Achter ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the third . Trevor Plouffe hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Trevor Plouffe hit 2 RBI double in the third . Torii Hunter hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Torii Hunter hit 2 RBI single in the third . Eddie Rosario hit 1 RBI triple in the third	True
Eddie Rosario hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI single in the third . Lonnie Chisenhall hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Lonnie Chisenhall hit 1 RBI single in the third . Miguel Sano hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Miguel Sano hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Michael Brantley hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Michael Brantley hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Yan Gomes hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Yan Gomes hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Aaron Hicks hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Aaron Hicks hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Torii Hunter hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Juan Nicasio ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Andre Ethier hit 1 RBI double in the first . Carl Crawford hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Carl Crawford hit 2 RBI single in the first . Ryan Howard hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Ryan Howard hit 2 RBI single in the first . Domonic Brown hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Domonic Brown hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Adrian Gonzalez hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Zack Greinke hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Zack Greinke hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Domonic Brown hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Domonic Brown hit 1 RBI single in the third . Howie Kendrick hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Howie Kendrick hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Maikel Franco hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Anthony Gose hit 1 RBI triple in the third	True
Anthony Gose hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 1 hits and 3 walks in 2/3 innings . Chris Colabello hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Chris Colabello hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Ben Zobrist hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Ben Zobrist hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Adam Liberatore ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Matt Duffy hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Matt Duffy hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Kelby Tomlinson hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Kelby Tomlinson hit 1 RBI double in the third . Nick Noonan hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Nick Noonan hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Jarrett Parker hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Kelvin Herrera ( 4 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Adam Eaton hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Adam Eaton hit 1 RBI single in the second . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Mike Moustakas hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Mike Moustakas hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Tyler Flowers hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Tyler Flowers hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Eric Hosmer hit 2 RBI homer in the tenth	False
Ian Krol ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 1/3 innings . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Tyler Collins hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Tyler Collins hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . James McCann hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
James McCann hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Prince Fielder hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Brandon Finnegan ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 3 runs , 8 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Matthew den Dekker hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Matthew den Dekker hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Michael A. Taylor hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Michael A. Taylor hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Matthew den Dekker hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Matthew den Dekker hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Skip Schumaker hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Dalier Hinojosa ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Matthew den Dekker hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Matthew den Dekker hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jose Lobaton hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	True
Jose Lobaton hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Jeff Francoeur hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jeff Francoeur hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Andres Blanco hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Andres Blanco hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Aaron Altherr scored on field error by Anthony Rendon in the ninth	False
Aaron Altherr scored on field error by Anthony Rendon in the ninth . Cameron Rupp hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Cameron Rupp hit 2 RBI single in the ninth . Freddy Galvis hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Freddy Galvis hit 2 RBI single in the ninth . Andres Blanco hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Arquimedes Caminero ( 4 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Kris Bryant hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Kris Bryant hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jake Arrieta hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Jake Arrieta hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Starlin Castro hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	True
Alex Wood ( 11 - 12 ) allowed 8 runs , 11 hits and 2 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Alex Guerrero scored on field error by Nolan Arenado in the second	True
Alex Guerrero scored on field error by Nolan Arenado in the second . Rafael Ynoa hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Rafael Ynoa hit 1 RBI double in the second . Scott Van Slyke hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Scott Van Slyke hit 1 RBI single in the third . Wilin Rosario hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Wilin Rosario hit 1 RBI single in the third . Nolan Arenado hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Nolan Arenado hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Kyle Parker hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Kyle Parker hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Carl Crawford hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Luke Jackson ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Mitch Moreland hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Mitch Moreland hit 2 RBI double in the first . Rougned Odor hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Rougned Odor hit 1 RBI single in the first . Carlos Correa hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Carlos Correa hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Carlos Correa hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Carlos Correa hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Chris Carter hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Chris Carter hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Colby Rasmus hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Colby Rasmus hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Prince Fielder hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Corey Knebel ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Matt Carpenter hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Matt Carpenter hit 1 RBI single in the third . Logan Schafer scored on wild pitch by Tyler Lyons in the fourth	True
Logan Schafer scored on wild pitch by Tyler Lyons in the fourth . Stephen Piscotty hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Stephen Piscotty hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jean Segura scored on field error by Greg Garcia in the seventh	True
Jean Segura scored on field error by Greg Garcia in the seventh . Khris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Brad Brach ( 5 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Ubaldo Jimenez hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Ubaldo Jimenez hit 1 RBI single in the second . Nolan Reimold hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Nolan Reimold hit 1 RBI single in the second . Clint Robinson scored on field error by Jonathan Schoop in the fourth	True
Clint Robinson scored on field error by Jonathan Schoop in the fourth . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Dalier Hinojosa ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Freddy Galvis hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Freddy Galvis hit 2 RBI single in the second . Cody Asche hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Cody Asche hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Darin Ruf hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Darin Ruf hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Miguel Rojas hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Miguel Rojas hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Cody Asche hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
John Lamb ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Stephen Piscotty hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	True
Tony Zych ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Mitch Moreland hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Mitch Moreland hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Nelson Cruz scored on wild pitch by Derek Holland in the fourth	True
Nelson Cruz scored on wild pitch by Derek Holland in the fourth . Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Kyle Seager hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Kyle Seager hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Robinson Cano hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Robinson Cano hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Franklin Gutierrez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Danny Duffy ( 7 - 8 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 4 innings . Alex Rios hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Alex Rios hit 1 RBI single in the first . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Paulo Orlando hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Paulo Orlando hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the third . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Nicholas Castellanos hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Nicholas Castellanos hit 1 RBI single in the third . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Christian Colon hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Christian Colon hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Franklin Morales scored on wild pitch by Jose Valdez in the sixth	True
Franklin Morales scored on wild pitch by Jose Valdez in the sixth . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Odrisamer Despaigne ( 5 - 9 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI single in the first . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Tom Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Tom Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the first . Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI single in the second . Justin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Justin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the third . Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Wilin Rosario hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Wilin Rosario hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Tom Murphy hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Tom Murphy hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Jedd Gyorko hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Jedd Gyorko hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Wei-Yin Chen ( 10 - 7 ) allowed 1 runs , 6 hits and 0 walks in 7 innings . Richie Shaffer hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Richie Shaffer hit 1 RBI double in the first . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Yordano Ventura ( 12 - 8 ) allowed 3 runs , 8 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Omar Infante hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
Omar Infante hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI single in the second . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Omar Infante hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Omar Infante hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Omar Infante hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	True
Craig Kimbrel ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Cory Spangenberg hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Cory Spangenberg hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Chris Owings hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Chris Owings hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Matt Kemp hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Matt Kemp hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Drew VerHagen ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Nicholas Castellanos hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Nicholas Castellanos hit 1 RBI single in the first . Anthony Gose hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Anthony Gose hit 1 RBI single in the second . Kurt Suzuki hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Kurt Suzuki hit 1 RBI single in the second . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Miguel Sano hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Miguel Sano hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Ryan Tepera ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Dustin Ackley hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Dustin Ackley hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Tyler Thornburg ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Jason Rogers hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jason Rogers hit 1 RBI single in the first . Pedro Alvarez hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Pedro Alvarez hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Khris Davis hit 2 RBI homer in the third	False
Khris Davis hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Elian Herrera hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Elian Herrera hit 1 RBI double in the third . Hernan Perez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Hernan Perez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Travis Snider hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Travis Snider hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Jung Ho Kang hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jung Ho Kang hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Josh Harrison hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Addison Reed ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Kevin Plawecki hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Kevin Plawecki hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Bartolo Colon hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Bartolo Colon hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Jace Peterson hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Jace Peterson hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Andrelton Simmons hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Andrelton Simmons hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Juan Uribe hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Scott Oberg ( 3 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Corey Dickerson hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Corey Dickerson hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Daniel Descalso hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Kyle Crockett ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Rob Brantly hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
Rob Brantly hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Trayce Thompson hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Trayce Thompson hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Michael Brantley hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Michael Brantley hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Jose Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Erik Johnson ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 5 hits and 0 walks in 6 innings . Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the first . Avisail Garcia hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Avisail Garcia hit 2 RBI single in the first . Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Adam LaRoche hit 1 RBI single in the third . Adam Eaton hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Adam Eaton hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Jarrod Dyson hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jarrod Dyson hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Jarrod Dyson hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Giovanni Soto ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . James McCann hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
James McCann hit 1 RBI single in the second . J. D. Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
J. D. Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Tyler Collins hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Tyler Collins hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Rajai Davis hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	False
Rajai Davis hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jacob deGrom ( 12 - 7 ) allowed 3 runs , 9 hits and 0 walks in 6 innings . Justin Bour hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Justin Bour hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Miguel Rojas hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Miguel Rojas hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Yoenis Cespedes hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Yoenis Cespedes hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI double in the 11th	False
Andrew Heaney ( 6 - 2 ) allowed 3 runs , 7 hits and 0 walks in 7 innings . Kole Calhoun scored on wild pitch by Sonny Gray in the first	True
Kole Calhoun scored on wild pitch by Sonny Gray in the first . David Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
David Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the first . David Freese hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
David Freese hit 1 RBI single in the first . Danny Valencia hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Danny Valencia hit 1 RBI single in the first . Josh Phegley hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Josh Phegley hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI homer in the second . C. J. Cron hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	True
C. J. Cron hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . David Freese hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
David Freese hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Brett Lawrie hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Raisel Iglesias ( 3 - 6 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 3 walks in 7 innings . Jason Bourgeois hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jason Bourgeois hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Eugenio Suarez hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Eugenio Suarez hit 1 RBI single in the second . Tommy La Stella hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Tommy La Stella hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Raisel Iglesias hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth	False
Raisel Iglesias hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth . Kris Bryant hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Kris Bryant hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Joey Votto hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Kyle Crockett ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Josh Donaldson hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Josh Donaldson hit 1 RBI single in the first . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI single in the first . Josh Donaldson hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Josh Donaldson hit 2 RBI double in the second . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Dalier Hinojosa ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 2 walks in 2 innings . Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI double in the second . Ruben Tejada hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Ruben Tejada hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI double in the third	False
Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI double in the third . Michael Conforto hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Michael Conforto hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Erik Kratz hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Erik Kratz hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Cesar Hernandez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Cesar Hernandez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Darnell Sweeney hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Darnell Sweeney hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Ruben Tejada hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Ruben Tejada hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Gerrit Cole ( 15 - 8 ) allowed 5 runs , 8 hits and 1 walks in 4 innings . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI single in the first . Adam Lind hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Adam Lind hit 2 RBI double in the first . Jean Segura hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jean Segura hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI single in the second . Neil Walker hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Neil Walker hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Pedro Alvarez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Pedro Alvarez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Jean Segura hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jean Segura hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Aramis Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Jung Ho Kang hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Enrique Burgos ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI single in the first . Ben Paulsen hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Ben Paulsen hit 1 RBI double in the first . Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Aaron Hill hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Aaron Hill hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . A. J. Pollock hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Jacob deGrom ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 3 walks in 5 innings . Lucas Duda hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Lucas Duda hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Alcides Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Alcides Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Eric Hosmer hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Eric Hosmer hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Alcides Escobar hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Danny Duffy ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Chris Colabello hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Chris Colabello hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Troy Tulowitzki hit 3 RBI double in the sixth	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 3 RBI double in the sixth . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Kevin Pillar hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Dallas Keuchel ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Luis Valbuena hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Luis Valbuena hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Alex Rios hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Alex Rios hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Kendrys Morales hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Aaron Sanchez ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Josh Donaldson hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Josh Donaldson hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Chris Colabello hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Chris Colabello hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Kevin Pillar hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Kevin Pillar hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Chris Colabello hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Chris Colabello hit 1 RBI double in the third . Kevin Pillar hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Kevin Pillar hit 1 RBI single in the third . Shin-Soo Choo scored on wild pitch by < pitcher > in the third	True
Shin-Soo Choo scored on wild pitch by < pitcher > in the third . Kevin Pillar hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Kevin Pillar hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Robinson Chirinos hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Robinson Chirinos hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Cam Bedrosian ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in innings . Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI single in the first . Adrian Beltre hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Adrian Beltre hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Josh Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Elvis Andrus hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Kyle Hendricks ( 8 - 7 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 6 innings . Addison Russell hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Heath Hembree ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Brendan Ryan hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Brendan Ryan hit 1 RBI single in the second . Mookie Betts hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Mookie Betts hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Greg Bird hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Greg Bird hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Rob Refsnyder hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Cam Bedrosian ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Prince Fielder hit 1 RBI double in the first . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI single in the third . Mitch Moreland hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Mitch Moreland hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . C. J. Cron hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Cody Ege ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in innings . Yasmani Grandal hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Yasmani Grandal hit 1 RBI double in the first . Yasiel Puig hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Yasiel Puig hit 1 RBI single in the first . J. T. Realmuto hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
J. T. Realmuto hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Dee Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Dee Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Trayce Thompson scored on wild pitch by AJ Ramos in the ninth	False
Ken Giles ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI double in the third . Carlos Correa hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Carlos Correa hit 1 RBI single in the third . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the third . Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Adam Lind hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Evan Gattis hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Brad Brach ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Joey Rickard hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Joey Rickard hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Matt Moore ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 4 runs , 8 hits and 2 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Logan Forsythe hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Logan Forsythe hit 2 RBI double in the second . Brian McCann hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Brian McCann hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Brandon Guyer hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Brandon Guyer hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Brian McCann hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jacoby Ellsbury hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Nick Wittgren ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI single in the first . Justin Bour hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Justin Bour hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jeff Samardzija hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Jeff Samardzija hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Angel Pagan hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Angel Pagan hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Denard Span hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jeff Samardzija hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Heath Hembree ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Dustin Pedroia hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Dustin Pedroia hit 1 RBI single in the first . Mookie Betts hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Mookie Betts hit 1 RBI double in the second . Brock Holt hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Brock Holt hit 1 RBI single in the third . Xander Bogaerts hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Xander Bogaerts hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Mookie Betts scored on wild pitch by Luke Gregerson in the ninth	True
Mookie Betts scored on wild pitch by Luke Gregerson in the ninth . George Springer hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	True
Rob Scahill ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Josh Harrison hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Josh Harrison hit 1 RBI single in the second . Josh Harrison hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Josh Harrison hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Josh Harrison scored on wild pitch by < pitcher > in the fourth	True
Josh Harrison scored on wild pitch by < pitcher > in the fourth . John Jaso hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	True
John Jaso hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . David Freese hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
David Freese hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Starling Marte hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Starling Marte hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Francisco Cervelli hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Francisco Cervelli hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Jon Jay hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Tony Zych ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Steve Clevenger hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Steve Clevenger hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Norichika Aoki hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Norichika Aoki hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Rajai Davis hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Rajai Davis hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jose Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Jose Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Lonnie Chisenhall hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Lonnie Chisenhall hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Mike Napoli hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Mike Napoli hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Robinson Cano hit 3 RBI homer in the tenth	False
Pat Venditte ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Josh Donaldson hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Josh Donaldson hit 1 RBI double in the first . Manny Machado hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Manny Machado hit 1 RBI single in the first . Manny Machado hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	True
Kyle Ryan ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI single in the first . Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Stephen Strasburg ( 3 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 2 walks in 8 innings . Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Bryce Harper hit 4 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Bryce Harper hit 4 RBI homer in the seventh . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Greg Mahle ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI single in the first . Andrelton Simmons hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Andrelton Simmons hit 1 RBI single in the first . Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Geovany Soto hit 1 RBI single in the first . Johnny Giavotella hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Johnny Giavotella hit 1 RBI single in the first . C. J. Cron hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
C. J. Cron hit 1 RBI single in the third . C. J. Cron hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Dillon Gee ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 3 innings . Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI single in the first . Josh Reddick hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Josh Reddick hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Rey Fuentes hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Rey Fuentes hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Stephen Vogt hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Stephen Vogt hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Alcides Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Joe Ross ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 2 walks in 7 2/3 innings . Michael A. Taylor hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Michael A. Taylor hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jayson Werth hit 3 RBI double in the first	True
Jayson Werth hit 3 RBI double in the first . Danny Espinosa hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Danny Espinosa hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jayson Werth scored on field error by Maikel Franco in the third	True
Jayson Werth scored on field error by Maikel Franco in the third . Danny Espinosa hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Danny Espinosa hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Bryce Harper hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Bryce Harper hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Greg Mahle ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI single in the third . Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Andrelton Simmons hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Andrelton Simmons hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Marcus Semien hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Marcus Semien hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Kyle Lobstein ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 3 innings . Justin Upton hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Justin Upton hit 1 RBI homer in the first . J. D. Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
J. D. Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Justin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Justin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the second . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the second . Starling Marte hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Starling Marte hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . J. D. Martinez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
J. D. Martinez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Nick Tropeano ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Daniel Nava hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Daniel Nava hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Mike Trout hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Mike Trout hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Andrelton Simmons hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Andrelton Simmons hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Marcus Semien hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Nate Jones ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Brett Lawrie hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Brett Lawrie hit 1 RBI single in the second . Austin Jackson hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Austin Jackson hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Bud Norris ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 5 runs , 9 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . A. J. Pierzynski hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
A. J. Pierzynski hit 2 RBI double in the first . Daniel Murphy hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Daniel Murphy hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Nick Markakis hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Nick Markakis hit 2 RBI double in the second . Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Jake Odorizzi ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 4 runs , 9 hits and 0 walks in 6 innings . Jonathan Schoop hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jonathan Schoop hit 1 RBI double in the second . Manny Machado hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Manny Machado hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Corey Dickerson hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Corey Dickerson hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Manny Machado scored on wild pitch by Erasmo Ramirez in the eighth	True
Dallas Keuchel ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 6 hits and 6 walks in 5 2/3 innings . Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Aaron Hill hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Aaron Hill hit 2 RBI single in the first . Domingo Santana hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Domingo Santana hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Preston Tucker hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Seth Maness ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Matt Carpenter hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Matt Carpenter hit 1 RBI double in the second . Stephen Piscotty scored on field error by Nick Markakis in the third	True
Stephen Piscotty scored on field error by Nick Markakis in the third . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI double in the third . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI single in the third . Stephen Piscotty hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Stephen Piscotty hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Carlos Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Carlos Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Kolten Wong scored on wild pitch by Jose Ramirez in the seventh	True
Kolten Wong scored on wild pitch by Jose Ramirez in the seventh . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Aledmys Diaz hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Aledmys Diaz hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth . Eric Fryer hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Eric Fryer hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Brandon Moss scored on field error by Adonis Garcia in the ninth	True
Ryan Pressly ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Kurt Suzuki hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Kurt Suzuki hit 1 RBI double in the second . Rey Fuentes hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Rey Fuentes hit 2 RBI single in the second . Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . ByungHo Park hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
ByungHo Park hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Seth Maness ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Francisco Liriano hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Francisco Liriano hit 1 RBI single in the second . John Jaso hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
John Jaso hit 1 RBI single in the second . Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	True
Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Matt Carpenter hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Chris Stratton ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Mallex Smith hit 3 RBI triple in the second	True
Mallex Smith hit 3 RBI triple in the second . Gordon Beckham scored on field error by Brandon Belt in the third	True
Gordon Beckham scored on field error by Brandon Belt in the third . Brandon Crawford hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	True
Brandon Crawford hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Hunter Pence scored on field error by Kelly Johnson in the ninth	True
Brandon Maurer ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 5 runs , 3 hits and 2 walks in 1/3 innings . Christian Bethancourt hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Christian Bethancourt hit 1 RBI single in the second . Brett Wallace hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Brett Wallace hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Seth Smith hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Seth Smith hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Kyle Seager hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Kyle Seager hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Adam Lind hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Adam Lind hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Dae-Ho Lee hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Dae-Ho Lee hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Nick Goody ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI double in the first . Michael Saunders hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Michael Saunders hit 1 RBI double in the third . Ryan Goins hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Ryan Goins hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Brian McCann hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Chris Sale ( 9 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI double in the first . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the first . Dioner Navarro hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Dioner Navarro hit 1 RBI single in the second . Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Cheslor Cuthbert hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Michael Wacha ( 2 - 6 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Wilson Ramos hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Wilson Ramos hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Anthony Rendon hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Anthony Rendon hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Jayson Werth hit 4 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jayson Werth hit 4 RBI homer in the seventh . Wilson Ramos hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jerad Eickhoff ( 2 - 7 ) allowed 4 runs , 8 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI double in the first . Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Kenta Maeda ( 4 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Yasiel Puig hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Yasiel Puig hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Chase Utley hit 4 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Chase Utley hit 4 RBI homer in the seventh . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Juan Lagares hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Juan Lagares hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Corey Seager hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Mike Wright Jr. ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 3 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 4 2/3 innings . Manny Machado hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Manny Machado hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jonathan Schoop hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Jonathan Schoop hit 2 RBI single in the first . Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI double in the second . Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Mark Trumbo hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Mark Trumbo hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Francisco Lindor hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Dan Straily ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Joc Pederson hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Joc Pederson hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Yasmani Grandal hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Greg Mahle ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 2 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jett Bandy hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jett Bandy hit 1 RBI double in the second . Nomar Mazara hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Nomar Mazara hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the second . Ryan Rua hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Ryan Rua hit 2 RBI single in the third . Mitch Moreland hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Mitch Moreland hit 1 RBI double in the third . Nomar Mazara hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Nomar Mazara hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Adrian Beltre hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Adrian Beltre hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Rafael Ortega hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Rafael Ortega hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Bobby Wilson hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Joe Biagini ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Austin Romine hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Austin Romine hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Jacoby Ellsbury hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jacoby Ellsbury hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Didi Gregorius hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Steve Geltz ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . J. D. Martinez hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
J. D. Martinez hit 1 RBI double in the first . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the first . Logan Morrison hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Logan Morrison hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Andrew Romine hit 1 RBI triple in the second	True
Andrew Romine hit 1 RBI triple in the second . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Cameron Maybin hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Cameron Maybin hit 2 RBI single in the third . Tim Beckham hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Tim Beckham hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Yordano Ventura ( 4 - 3 ) allowed 3 runs , 6 hits and 4 walks in 6 innings . Paulo Orlando hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Paulo Orlando hit 1 RBI single in the second . Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Melky Cabrera hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Joe Ross ( 3 - 4 ) allowed 3 runs , 8 hits and 2 walks in 5 2/3 innings . Clint Robinson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Clint Robinson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Justin Bour hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Justin Bour hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Enny Romero ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Steven Souza Jr. hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Steven Souza Jr. hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Corey Dickerson hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Corey Dickerson hit 1 RBI double in the first . Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI single in the first . Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Kevin Kiermaier hit 3 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Kevin Kiermaier hit 3 RBI triple in the sixth . James McCann hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
James McCann hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Chasen Shreve ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Matt McBride hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Matt McBride hit 1 RBI single in the second . Ronald Torreyes hit 2 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Ronald Torreyes hit 2 RBI triple in the fourth . Ronald Torreyes scored on wild pitch by Sonny Gray in the fourth	True
Ronald Torreyes scored on wild pitch by Sonny Gray in the fourth . Carlos Beltran hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Carlos Beltran hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Coco Crisp hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Coco Crisp hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Jacoby Ellsbury hit 2 RBI triple in the ninth	False
Evan Marshall ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 5 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Chris Herrmann hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Chris Herrmann hit 2 RBI single in the first . Jean Segura hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Jean Segura hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Michael Bourn hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Michael Bourn hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Aledmys Diaz hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Aledmys Diaz hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Chris Owings hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Chris Owings hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Michael Bourn hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Michael Bourn hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Chris Herrmann hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Chris Herrmann hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Brandon Drury hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Brandon Drury hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Eric Fryer hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Eric Fryer hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Jedd Gyorko hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jedd Gyorko hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Brandon Moss hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Joe Biagini ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the third . Edwin Encarnacion hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Kyle Barraclough ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Marcell Ozuna hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Marcell Ozuna hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Tyler Goeddel hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Tyler Goeddel hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Justin Bour hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Justin Bour hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Christian Yelich hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Jacob deGrom ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 3 walks in 6 1/3 innings . Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI homer in the second . DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI single in the second . Jacob deGrom hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jacob deGrom hit 1 RBI single in the third . Michael Conforto hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Michael Conforto hit 1 RBI single in the third . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Ryan Raburn hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Chad Girodo ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Michael Saunders hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Michael Saunders hit 1 RBI single in the second . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI double in the third . Bryan Holaday hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Bryan Holaday hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Jose Bautista hit 3 RBI double in the sixth	False
Jose Bautista hit 3 RBI double in the sixth . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Ian Desmond hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Michael Tonkin ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jose Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jose Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Juan Centeno hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Juan Centeno hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Francisco Lindor hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Francisco Lindor hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Danny Santana hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Danny Santana hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Miguel Sano hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Miguel Sano hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Yan Gomes hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
A. J. Schugel ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Francisco Cervelli hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Francisco Cervelli hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Anthony Rizzo hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Addison Russell hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Addison Russell hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Kris Bryant hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Kris Bryant hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Josh Osich ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Jean Segura hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Jean Segura hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Joe Panik hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Scott Alexander ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Chase Headley hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Chase Headley hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Christian Colon hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Christian Colon hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Didi Gregorius hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Didi Gregorius hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Brad Hand ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . Christian Bethancourt hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Tyler Wilson ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 6 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Mark Trumbo hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Mark Trumbo hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Miguel Sano hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Miguel Sano hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Chris Davis hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Chris Davis hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Danny Santana hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Danny Santana hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Adam Jones hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Cody Allen ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Lonnie Chisenhall hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Lonnie Chisenhall hit 1 RBI double in the second . Francisco Lindor hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Francisco Lindor hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	True
Drew Smyly ( 1 - 4 ) allowed 6 runs , 10 hits and 0 walks in 5 innings . Franklin Gutierrez hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Franklin Gutierrez hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Dae-Ho Lee hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Dae-Ho Lee hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Steven Souza Jr. hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Daniel Hudson ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Chris Owings hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Chris Owings hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Nick Ahmed hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Nick Ahmed hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jean Segura hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jean Segura hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Tony Wolters scored on wild pitch by Rubby De La Rosa in the eighth	False
Roberto Osuna ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Russell Martin hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Andrew Triggs ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Adam Jones hit 1 RBI single in the third . Chris Davis hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Chris Davis hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Josh Phegley hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Josh Phegley hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Josh Reddick hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Adam Warren ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Ben Zobrist hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Ben Zobrist hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Javier Baez hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Javier Baez hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Matt Joyce hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Trevor Cahill ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Jake Arrieta hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jake Arrieta hit 1 RBI single in the second . Addison Russell scored on wild pitch by Jonathon Niese in the fourth	True
Addison Russell scored on wild pitch by Jonathon Niese in the fourth . Jorge Soler hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jorge Soler hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Kris Bryant hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Kris Bryant hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Scott Oberg ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Matt Kemp hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Matt Kemp hit 2 RBI double in the first . Nick Hundley hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Josh Osich ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Hunter Pence hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Hunter Pence hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Angel Pagan hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Angel Pagan hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . David Wright hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
David Wright hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Buster Posey hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Dillon Gee ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Jarrod Dyson hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jarrod Dyson hit 1 RBI double in the second . Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Dylan Bundy ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 2 2/3 innings . Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI single in the first . Seth Smith hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Seth Smith hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Hyun Soo Kim hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Hyun Soo Kim hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Hyun Soo Kim hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Hyun Soo Kim hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Manny Machado hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jameson Taillon ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 6 hits and 0 walks in 6 innings . David Freese hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
David Freese hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Josh Harrison hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Josh Harrison hit 2 RBI double in the second . Sean Rodriguez hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Sean Rodriguez hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Sean Rodriguez hit 3 RBI double in the fifth	False
Sean Rodriguez hit 3 RBI double in the fifth . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Zach Eflin ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 0 walks in 6 innings . Peter Bourjos hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Peter Bourjos hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Jake Lamb hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Jake Lamb hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Cody Asche hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Cody Asche hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Cody Asche hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Cody Asche hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Phil Gosselin hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Phil Gosselin hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Paul Goldschmidt hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Paul Goldschmidt hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Andres Blanco hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Andres Blanco hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Cesar Hernandez scored on field error by Jake Lamb in the eighth	True
Cesar Hernandez scored on field error by Jake Lamb in the eighth . Jean Segura hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Mychal Givens ( 5 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Adam Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Hyun Soo Kim hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Hyun Soo Kim hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Hyun Soo Kim hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Hyun Soo Kim hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Jonathan Schoop hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Jonathan Schoop hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Manny Machado hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Manny Machado hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Wil Myers hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Wil Myers hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh . Adam Rosales hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Adam Rosales hit 2 RBI double in the ninth . Yangervis Solarte hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Spencer Patton ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jon Lester hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Jon Lester hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Billy Hamilton hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Billy Hamilton hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Eugenio Suarez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Eugenio Suarez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Kris Bryant hit 1 RBI single in the 15th	True
Kris Bryant hit 1 RBI single in the 15th . Javier Baez hit 4 RBI homer in the 15th	True
Trevor Bauer ( 6 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 3 walks in 6 innings . Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI single in the first . Lonnie Chisenhall hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Lonnie Chisenhall hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Tyler Flowers hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Tyler Flowers hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Jose Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jose Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Tyler Naquin hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Tyler Naquin hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Zach McAllister ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Michael Martinez scored on wild pitch by Justin Verlander in the fourth	True
Michael Martinez scored on wild pitch by Justin Verlander in the fourth . Lonnie Chisenhall hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Lonnie Chisenhall hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Juan Uribe hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Tyler Naquin hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Tyler Naquin hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Mike Napoli hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Mike Napoli hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Lonnie Chisenhall hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Lonnie Chisenhall hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Yan Gomes hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jake Odorizzi ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 5 runs , 8 hits and 1 walks in 5 innings . Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI single in the first . Hank Conger hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Hank Conger hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Desmond Jennings hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Desmond Jennings hit 1 RBI double in the third . Joey Rickard hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Joey Rickard hit 1 RBI single in the third . Matt Wieters hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Matt Wieters hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Brad Miller hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Brad Miller hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Adam Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Adam Jones hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Erik Johnson ( 0 - 5 ) allowed 6 runs , 9 hits and 1 walks in 4 innings . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the first . Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jonathan Schoop hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Jonathan Schoop hit 1 RBI double in the third . Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Ryan Flaherty hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Ryan Flaherty hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Hyun Soo Kim hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	False
Dylan Bundy ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 3 innings . J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI double in the second . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Adam Jones hit 1 RBI single in the second . Joey Rickard hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Joey Rickard hit 1 RBI double in the second . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Shin-Soo Choo hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Chad Girodo ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in innings . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the first . Matt Wieters hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Matt Wieters hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Troy Tulowitzki hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Devon Travis hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Devon Travis hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Ryan Flaherty hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Ryan Flaherty hit 1 RBI single in the second . Jonathan Schoop hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jonathan Schoop hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Ryan Flaherty hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Ryan Flaherty hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Adam Jones hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Devon Travis hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Devon Travis hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Devon Travis scored on field error by < fielder_error > in the seventh	True
Devon Travis scored on field error by < fielder_error > in the seventh . Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Jonathan Schoop hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Tony Cingrani ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Carlos Correa hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Carlos Correa hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Eugenio Suarez hit 1 RBI double in the 11th	True
Brian Ellington ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Christian Yelich hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Christian Yelich hit 1 RBI single in the first . Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI homer in the second . J. T. Realmuto hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
J. T. Realmuto hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Derek Norris hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Derek Norris hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Melvin Upton hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Wil Myers hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Mychal Givens ( 5 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Manny Machado hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Manny Machado hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Jackie Bradley hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Jackie Bradley hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Jonathan Schoop hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jonathan Schoop hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jameson Taillon ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 8 innings . Jung Ho Kang hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jung Ho Kang hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Starling Marte hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Alex Wilson ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the first . Adam Eaton hit a RBI single in the first	True
Adam Eaton hit a RBI single in the first . Justin Upton hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Justin Upton hit 1 RBI double in the second . Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Mike Aviles hit 1 RBI single in the second . J. D. Martinez hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
J. D. Martinez hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Justin Upton hit 2 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Justin Upton hit 2 RBI triple in the fourth . JB Shuck hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
JB Shuck hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Tyler Saladino hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Tyler Saladino hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Jose Iglesias hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jose Iglesias hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Tyler Saladino hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Adam Warren ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI double in the first . David Ross hit a RBI single in the fourth	True
David Ross hit a RBI single in the fourth . David Ross hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
David Ross hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Albert Almora hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Albert Almora hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Javier Baez hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Javier Baez hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Jeff Francoeur hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Sonny Gray ( 3 - 6 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 7 2/3 innings . Stephen Vogt hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Stephen Vogt hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Adam Duvall hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Adam Duvall hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Adam Duvall scored on wild pitch by Sonny Gray in the seventh	True
Noah Syndergaard ( 6 - 2 ) allowed 3 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Gregory Polanco hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Gregory Polanco hit 1 RBI double in the first . Jung Ho Kang hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jung Ho Kang hit 1 RBI single in the first . Ty Kelly hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Ty Kelly hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . John Jaso hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
John Jaso hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Gregory Polanco hit a RBI double in the seventh	True
Gregory Polanco hit a RBI double in the seventh . Michael Conforto hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Michael Conforto hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Wilmer Flores hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	True
David Price ( 7 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 2 walks in 8 innings . Chris Young hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Chris Young hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Mac Williamson hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Greg Mahle ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Carlos Beltran hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Carlos Beltran hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Austin Romine hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Austin Romine hit 1 RBI single in the first . Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Gregorio Petit hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Gregorio Petit hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Kole Calhoun hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Kole Calhoun hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Alex Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Ryan Dull ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Yonder Alonso hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Yonder Alonso hit 2 RBI single in the first . Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Evan Gattis hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Evan Gattis hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Carlos Correa hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Carlos Correa hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Jake Marisnick scored on field error by Marc Rzepczynski in the eighth	True
Roberto Osuna ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Darwin Barney hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Darwin Barney hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Edwin Encarnacion hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Russell Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Russell Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Chris Young hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Chris Young hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . David Ortiz hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
David Ortiz hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Jackie Bradley hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Edinson Volquez ( 5 - 5 ) allowed 5 runs , 7 hits and 4 walks in 6 1/3 innings . Yan Gomes hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Yan Gomes hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Drew Butera hit 1 RBI homer in the third	False
Drew Butera hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Francisco Lindor hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Francisco Lindor hit 1 RBI single in the third . Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI double in the third . Mike Napoli scored on wild pitch by Edinson Volquez in the third	True
Mike Napoli scored on wild pitch by Edinson Volquez in the third . Tyler Naquin hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Joe Biagini ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Edwin Encarnacion hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Edwin Encarnacion hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Devon Travis hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Erasmo Ramirez ( 6 - 4 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Eduardo Nunez hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Eduardo Nunez hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the third . Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI single in the third . Max Kepler hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Max Kepler hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Max Kepler hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Josh Osich ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Brandon Belt hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Brandon Belt hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Albert Suarez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Albert Suarez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Mallex Smith hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Mallex Smith hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth . Adonis Garcia scored on wild pitch by Santiago Casilla in the ninth	True
Adonis Garcia scored on wild pitch by Santiago Casilla in the ninth . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the 11th	True
Odrisamer Despaigne ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 4 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Adam Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI triple in the first	True
Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI triple in the first . J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Max Kepler hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Max Kepler hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Max Kepler hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Max Kepler hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Eddie Rosario hit 2 RBI triple in the seventh	True
Braden Shipley ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 6 runs , 8 hits and 4 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jean Segura hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jean Segura hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jonathan Villar hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jonathan Villar hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Yasmany Tomas hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Yasmany Tomas hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Martin Maldonado hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Martin Maldonado hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Andy Wilkins hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Cam Bedrosian ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI single in the first . Carlos Perez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Carlos Perez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Salvador Perez hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Salvador Perez hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Addison Reed ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI triple in the third	True
Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . James Loney hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Justin Grimm ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Chris Carter hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Chris Carter hit 1 RBI single in the first . Scooter Gennett hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Scooter Gennett hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Tommy La Stella hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Tommy La Stella hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Anthony Rizzo hit 3 RBI double in the seventh	False
Anthony Rizzo hit 3 RBI double in the seventh . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Kirk Nieuwenhuis hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Taylor Rogers ( 3 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Kurt Suzuki hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Kurt Suzuki hit 1 RBI double in the second . Byron Buxton hit a RBI single in the second	True
Byron Buxton hit a RBI single in the second . Eduardo Nunez hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Eduardo Nunez hit 1 RBI single in the second . Dustin Pedroia hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Dustin Pedroia hit 1 RBI double in the second . Hanley Ramirez hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
Hanley Ramirez hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Jackie Bradley hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Jackie Bradley hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Jackie Bradley hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jackie Bradley hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Max Kepler hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Max Kepler hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Kennys Vargas hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Kennys Vargas hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Eddie Rosario hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Eddie Rosario hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Eduardo Nunez hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Eduardo Nunez hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . David Ortiz hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
David Ortiz hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Miguel Sano hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Keone Kela ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Whit Merrifield hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Whit Merrifield hit 1 RBI single in the second . Cheslor Cuthbert hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Cheslor Cuthbert hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Rougned Odor hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Ian Krol ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Chase d'Arnaud hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Chase d'Arnaud hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jose Peraza hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jose Peraza hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Tucker Barnhart hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Tucker Barnhart hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Joey Votto hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Joey Votto hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Adonis Garcia hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Mauricio Cabrera ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Jay Bruce hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Jay Bruce hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI single in the second . Gordon Beckham hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Gordon Beckham hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Lucas Giolito ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 4 runs , 7 hits and 4 walks in 3 2/3 innings . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the first . James Loney hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
James Loney hit 1 RBI single in the third . Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Clint Robinson hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Clint Robinson hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Anthony Rendon hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Anthony Rendon hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Travis d'Arnaud hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Travis d'Arnaud hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Wilmer Flores hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Wilmer Flores hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Neil Walker hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Cam Bedrosian ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Steven Souza Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Steven Souza Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the first . C. J. Cron hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
C. J. Cron hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Andrelton Simmons hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Andrelton Simmons hit 1 RBI single in the second . Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the second . Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Corey Dickerson hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Corey Dickerson hit 1 RBI single in the third . Nick Franklin hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Nick Franklin hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Andrelton Simmons hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Andrelton Simmons hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . C. J. Cron hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
C. J. Cron hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth . Carlos Perez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Carlos Perez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Daniel Norris ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI single in the second . Steven Moya hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Steven Moya hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Nicholas Castellanos hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Nicholas Castellanos hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Mike Napoli hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Brian Flynn ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Odubel Herrera hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Odubel Herrera hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Cheslor Cuthbert hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Cheslor Cuthbert hit 1 RBI single in the second . Maikel Franco hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Maikel Franco hit 1 RBI single in the third . Cody Asche hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Cody Asche hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Odubel Herrera hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Odubel Herrera hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Kendrys Morales hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Chris Beck ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Carlos Correa hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Carlos Correa hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Carlos Gomez hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Carlos Gomez hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Luis Valbuena hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Luis Valbuena hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Colby Rasmus hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ben Heller ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Aaron Judge hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Aaron Judge hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Jacoby Ellsbury hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jacoby Ellsbury hit 1 RBI double in the second . Jarrod Dyson hit 1 RBI triple in the third	True
Jarrod Dyson hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Jacoby Ellsbury hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	True
Matt Bowman ( 2 - 5 ) allowed 3 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Jedd Gyorko hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Jedd Gyorko hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Kolten Wong hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Kolten Wong hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Orlando Arcia hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Orlando Arcia hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Jonathan Villar hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Jonathan Villar hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Randal Grichuk hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Tommy Kahnle ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Tyler Saladino hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Tyler Saladino hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Justin Upton hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Justin Upton hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Tyler Saladino hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Tyler Saladino hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Jarrod Saltalamacchia hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Kevin Gausman ( 6 - 10 ) allowed 0 runs , 7 hits and 0 walks in 7 innings . Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Steve Pearce hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Steve Pearce hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Mark Trumbo hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Dan Otero ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ian Desmond scored on field error by Carlos Santana in the first	True
Ian Desmond scored on field error by Carlos Santana in the first . Mitch Moreland hit 4 RBI homer in the first	True
Mitch Moreland hit 4 RBI homer in the first . Elvis Andrus hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Jameson Taillon ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 5 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 3 innings . Starling Marte hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Starling Marte hit 1 RBI double in the first . Hernan Perez hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Hernan Perez hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Orlando Arcia hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Orlando Arcia hit 1 RBI single in the first . Hernan Perez hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Hernan Perez hit 1 RBI homer in the third . John Jaso hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
John Jaso hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Josh Harrison hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Josh Harrison hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Tyler Cravy hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Tyler Cravy hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Gregory Polanco hit 3 RBI double in the sixth	True
Rob Zastryzny ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 3 2/3 innings . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the first . Corey Seager hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Corey Seager hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the third . Justin Turner hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Justin Turner hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Blake Snell ( 4 - 7 ) allowed 5 runs , 9 hits and 0 walks in 3 innings . Evan Gattis hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Evan Gattis hit 1 RBI double in the second . Yuli Gurriel hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Yuli Gurriel hit 1 RBI double in the second . Alex Bregman hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Alex Bregman hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Alex Bregman hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Alex Bregman hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Bobby Wilson hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Bobby Wilson hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Yuli Gurriel hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Raisel Iglesias ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Scott Schebler hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Scott Schebler hit 1 RBI single in the second . Brandon Drury hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Brandon Drury hit 1 RBI single in the second . Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Rickie Weeks Jr. hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Jose Peraza hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jose Peraza hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Brandon Drury scored on wild pitch by Blake Wood in the 11th	True
Jose Valdez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Josh Donaldson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Josh Donaldson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Mike Trout hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	False
Mike Trout hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Mike Trout hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Mike Trout hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Jose Bautista hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Mauricio Cabrera ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI single in the first . Tyler Flowers hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Tyler Flowers hit 1 RBI double in the first . Yasmany Tomas hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Yasmany Tomas hit 2 RBI single in the third . Jake Lamb hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Jake Lamb hit 2 RBI double in the third . Matt Kemp hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Will Smith ( 1 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Justin Turner hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Justin Turner hit 1 RBI single in the first . Rob Segedin hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Rob Segedin hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Angel Pagan hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Angel Pagan hit 1 RBI single in the third . Buster Posey hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Buster Posey hit 1 RBI single in the third . Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Adrian Gonzalez hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Ehire Adrianza hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Ehire Adrianza hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Andrew Toles hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Andrew Toles hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Enrique Hernandez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Enrique Hernandez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Andrew Toles hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Andrew Toles hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Denard Span hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Koda Glover ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jonathan Schoop hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jonathan Schoop hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Anthony Rendon hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Anthony Rendon hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Mark Trumbo hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Mark Trumbo hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Danny Espinosa hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Ken Giles ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Teoscar Hernandez hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Teoscar Hernandez hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Alex Bregman hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Alex Bregman hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . David Freese hit a RBI single in the ninth	False
Mike Fiers ( 9 - 6 ) allowed 1 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Alex Bregman hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Alex Bregman hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Jason Castro hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jason Castro hit 1 RBI double in the second . Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI single in the second . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . George Springer hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
George Springer hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Carlos Correa hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Carlos Correa hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Jason Castro hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jason Castro hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Alex Bregman hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Addison Reed ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI double in the first . Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Denard Span hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Denard Span hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Justin Ruggiano hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Justin Ruggiano hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Alejandro De Aza hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Alejandro De Aza hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Yoenis Cespedes hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Eduardo Nunez hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Eduardo Nunez hit 2 RBI double in the eighth . Wilmer Flores hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Rob Scahill ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Norichika Aoki hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Norichika Aoki hit 1 RBI single in the third . Norichika Aoki hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Norichika Aoki hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Mike Zunino hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Mike Zunino hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Leonys Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Leonys Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Hernan Perez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Hernan Perez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Adam Lind hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Mike Zunino hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Rob Zastryzny ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI homer in the first . David Dahl hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
David Dahl hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the third . Kris Bryant hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Kris Bryant hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Addison Russell hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Addison Russell hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Daniel Descalso scored on field error by Kris Bryant in the seventh	True
Daniel Descalso scored on field error by Kris Bryant in the seventh . Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI single in the 11th . Ryan Raburn hit 1 RBI double in the 11th	True
Grant Dayton ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Justin Turner hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Justin Turner hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Aaron Altherr hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Aaron Altherr hit 1 RBI single in the second . Yasmani Grandal hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Yasmani Grandal hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Ryan Howard hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Taylor Featherston hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Taylor Featherston hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Maikel Franco hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Brian Ellington ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Ramon Cabrera hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
Ramon Cabrera hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Eugenio Suarez hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Eugenio Suarez hit 1 RBI double in the third . Marcell Ozuna hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Marcell Ozuna hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Martin Prado hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Chris Beck ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Francisco Lindor hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Francisco Lindor hit 1 RBI double in the first . Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI single in the third . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
James Hoyt ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Carlos Correa hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Carlos Correa hit 2 RBI double in the first . Josh Donaldson hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Josh Donaldson hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Russell Martin hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Brandon Maurer ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Neil Walker hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Neil Walker hit 1 RBI single in the first . Yangervis Solarte hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Yangervis Solarte hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Wil Myers hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Mike Morin ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Mike Trout hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Mike Trout hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Lonnie Chisenhall hit 3 RBI double in the first	True
Lonnie Chisenhall hit 3 RBI double in the first . Francisco Lindor hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Francisco Lindor hit 1 RBI single in the second . Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI double in the second . Cliff Pennington hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Cliff Pennington hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI single in the third . Lonnie Chisenhall hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Lonnie Chisenhall hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Abraham Almonte hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Abraham Almonte hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Mike Napoli hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Mike Napoli hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Jose Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Carson Fulmer ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 3 innings . Jason Coats hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jason Coats hit 1 RBI single in the second . Cheslor Cuthbert hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Cheslor Cuthbert hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Brandon Maurer ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Christian Bethancourt hit a RBI single in the second	True
Christian Bethancourt hit a RBI single in the second . Christian Bethancourt scored on field error by < fielder_error > in the second	True
Christian Bethancourt scored on field error by < fielder_error > in the second . Alexei Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Brad Brach ( 6 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Yonder Alonso hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Luis Severino ( 1 - 7 ) allowed 5 runs , 7 hits and 0 walks in 4 1/3 innings . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Chase Headley hit 1 RBI double in the second . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Brian McCann hit 1 RBI single in the third . Dustin Pedroia hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Dustin Pedroia hit 2 RBI double in the third . Andrew Benintendi hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Andrew Benintendi hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Dustin Pedroia hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Dustin Pedroia hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . David Ortiz hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Vince Velasquez ( 8 - 4 ) allowed 9 runs , 11 hits and 2 walks in 4 2/3 innings . Aaron Altherr hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Aaron Altherr hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Joc Pederson hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Joc Pederson hit 1 RBI single in the second . Howie Kendrick hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Howie Kendrick hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Corey Seager hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Corey Seager hit 1 RBI single in the second . Yasmani Grandal hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Yasmani Grandal hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Freddy Galvis hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Freddy Galvis hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Justin Turner hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Justin Turner hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Mauricio Cabrera ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Keon Broxton hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Keon Broxton hit 1 RBI single in the second . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
A. J. Pierzynski hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Martin Maldonado hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Jacob deGrom ( 7 - 5 ) allowed 1 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Michael Conforto hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Michael Conforto hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Neil Walker hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Dylan Bundy ( 5 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Manny Machado hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Manny Machado hit 2 RBI homer in the first . J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Manny Machado hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
Manny Machado hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Pedro Alvarez hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Pedro Alvarez hit 1 RBI single in the second . Manny Machado hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Manny Machado hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Nefi Ogando ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the first . Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth . DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . David Dahl hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
David Dahl hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Nick Hundley hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Nick Hundley hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Charlie Blackmon hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Charlie Blackmon hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Daniel Descalso hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Daniel Descalso hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Ryan Raburn hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Ryan Raburn hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . J. T. Realmuto hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Jose Berrios ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 1 walks in 5 innings . Brad Miller hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Brad Miller hit 1 RBI single in the first . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Bobby Wilson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Bobby Wilson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Nick Franklin scored on wild pitch by Trevor May in the sixth	True
Nick Franklin scored on wild pitch by Trevor May in the sixth . Logan Forsythe hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Logan Forsythe hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Bobby Wilson hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Bobby Wilson hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Jorge Polanco hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jose Alvarez ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Mike Trout hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Mike Trout hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI single in the first . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Adam Lind hit 1 RBI single in the first . Mike Zunino hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Mike Zunino hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Jett Bandy hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Noah Syndergaard ( 9 - 6 ) allowed 4 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Kelly Johnson hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Kelly Johnson hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . James McCann hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Addison Reed ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Jay Bruce hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Jay Bruce hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Aaron Hicks hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Junichi Tazawa ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Travis Shaw hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Travis Shaw hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Mookie Betts hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Mookie Betts hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Shawn O'Malley hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Shawn O'Malley hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Dae-Ho Lee hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Dae-Ho Lee hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Brock Holt hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Roberto Osuna ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Tyler White hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Tyler White hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Devon Travis hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Devon Travis hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Masahiro Tanaka ( 7 - 4 ) allowed 7 runs , 8 hits and 0 walks in 6 1/3 innings . Alejandro De Aza hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Alejandro De Aza hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Travis d'Arnaud hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Travis d'Arnaud hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Michael Conforto hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Michael Conforto hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Matt Reynolds hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Matt Reynolds hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Matt Reynolds scored on field error by Starlin Castro in the seventh	True
Matt Reynolds scored on field error by Starlin Castro in the seventh . Neil Walker hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	True
Neil Walker hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Didi Gregorius hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Matt Barnes ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . David Ortiz hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
David Ortiz hit 1 RBI double in the first . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Mike Zunino hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Mike Zunino hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Guillermo Heredia hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Guillermo Heredia hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Robinson Cano hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Matt Bowman ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI double in the first . Adam Wainwright hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Adam Wainwright hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Tucker Barnhart hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Tucker Barnhart hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Jhonny Peralta hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Jedd Gyorko hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Jedd Gyorko hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Adam Duvall hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Adam Duvall hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Tommy Pham hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Tommy Pham hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Scott Schebler hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Kendall Graveman ( 10 - 11 ) allowed 1 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 5 2/3 innings . Leonys Martin hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Leonys Martin hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Chad Pinder hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Chad Pinder hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Mike Zunino hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Mike Zunino hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Ketel Marte hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ketel Marte hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Bruce Maxwell hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Colton Murray ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 3 walks in 2 2/3 innings . Odubel Herrera hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Odubel Herrera hit 1 RBI single in the third . Dansby Swanson hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Dansby Swanson hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Jace Peterson hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jace Peterson hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Rio Ruiz hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Rio Ruiz hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Aaron Altherr hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Severino Gonzalez ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Ryan Howard hit 4 RBI homer in the first	True
Ryan Howard hit 4 RBI homer in the first . Cameron Rupp hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Cameron Rupp hit 1 RBI double in the second . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Tyler Flowers hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Tyler Flowers hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Mallex Smith hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Mallex Smith hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Emilio Bonifacio hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Aroldis Chapman ( 4 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Javier Baez hit 4 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Javier Baez hit 4 RBI homer in the fourth . Kris Bryant hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Kris Bryant hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Anthony Rizzo scored on field error by Jordy Mercer in the sixth	True
Anthony Rizzo scored on field error by Jordy Mercer in the sixth . Albert Almora hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Albert Almora hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Javier Baez hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Javier Baez hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Tommy La Stella scored on field error by < fielder_error > in the seventh	True
Tommy La Stella scored on field error by < fielder_error > in the seventh . Matt Joyce hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Matt Joyce hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . David Freese hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Ty Blach ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 3 walks in 3 innings . Manuel Margot hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Manuel Margot hit 1 RBI single in the second . Buster Posey hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Buster Posey hit 2 RBI single in the third . Adam Rosales hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Adam Rosales hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Yangervis Solarte hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Yangervis Solarte hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Wil Myers hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Reynaldo Lopez ( 4 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 2 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Stephen Drew hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Stephen Drew hit 2 RBI single in the first . Josh Bell hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Josh Bell hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Danny Espinosa scored on field error by Sean Rodriguez in the fourth	True
Danny Espinosa scored on field error by Sean Rodriguez in the fourth . Brian Goodwin scored on field error by Adam Frazier in the fourth	False
Josh Osich ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Wil Myers hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Wil Myers hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Buster Posey hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	True
Buster Posey hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Alex Dickerson hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Chad Kuhl ( 5 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Sean Rodriguez hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Sean Rodriguez hit 2 RBI single in the first . Sean Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Sean Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Jonathan Villar hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Jonathan Holder ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Gary Sanchez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Gary Sanchez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Brian McCann hit 1 RBI single in the first . Ronald Torreyes hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Ronald Torreyes hit 1 RBI single in the first . Gary Sanchez hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
Gary Sanchez hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Bobby Wilson hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Bobby Wilson hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Brad Miller hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Brad Miller hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Corey Dickerson hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Corey Dickerson hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Gary Sanchez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Gary Sanchez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Brad Miller hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Brad Miller hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Mason Williams hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Mason Williams hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Donovan Solano hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Luke Weaver ( 1 - 4 ) allowed 6 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI single in the second . Nolan Arenado hit 4 RBI homer in the second	True
Nolan Arenado hit 4 RBI homer in the second . DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	True
DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Tom Murphy hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Mauricio Cabrera ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Dansby Swanson hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Dansby Swanson hit 1 RBI single in the second . Ender Inciarte hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Ender Inciarte hit 1 RBI single in the second . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Freddie Freeman hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Freddie Freeman hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . T. J. Rivera hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
T. J. Rivera hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Dansby Swanson hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Dansby Swanson hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . James Loney hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Tommy Layne ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Didi Gregorius hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Didi Gregorius hit 1 RBI single in the first . Gary Sanchez hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Gary Sanchez hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Hanley Ramirez hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Hanley Ramirez hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Jackie Bradley hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jackie Bradley hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Trevor Gott ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Jace Peterson hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jace Peterson hit 1 RBI single in the second . Dansby Swanson hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Dansby Swanson hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Adonis Garcia hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Adonis Garcia hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Jayson Werth hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Adonis Garcia hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Adonis Garcia hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Austin Brice ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Tommy Joseph hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Tommy Joseph hit 1 RBI single in the first . Freddy Galvis hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Freddy Galvis hit 1 RBI single in the first . Odubel Herrera hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Odubel Herrera hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Dee Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Dee Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Derek Dietrich hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Derek Dietrich hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Freddy Galvis hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Freddy Galvis hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Christian Yelich hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Christian Yelich hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . J. T. Realmuto hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Chase Whitley ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Richie Shaffer hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Richie Shaffer hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Mikie Mahtook hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Grant Dayton ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Justin Turner hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	True
Corey Knebel ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Keon Broxton hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Keon Broxton hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jonathan Villar hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jonathan Villar hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the third . Adam Duvall hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Adam Duvall hit 2 RBI double in the third . Scott Schebler hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Scott Schebler hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Chris Carter hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Noah Syndergaard ( 13 - 8 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI double in the second . T. J. Rivera hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
T. J. Rivera hit 1 RBI single in the third . Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth	True
Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth . Anthony Rendon hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Anthony Rendon hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . T. J. Rivera hit 1 RBI homer in the tenth	True
Kyle Crockett ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Miguel Sano hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Miguel Sano hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the 12th	True
Cody Allen ( 3 - 5 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI double in the second . Lonnie Chisenhall hit 2 RBI double in the third	False
Lonnie Chisenhall hit 2 RBI double in the third . Tyler Naquin hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Tyler Naquin hit 1 RBI single in the third . Byron Buxton hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Byron Buxton hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Jeff Hoffman ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 7 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 2 2/3 innings . Luis Sardinas scored on field error by Cristhian Adames in the third	True
Luis Sardinas scored on field error by Cristhian Adames in the third . Yangervis Solarte hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Yangervis Solarte hit 1 RBI single in the third . Alex Dickerson hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Alex Dickerson hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ryan Schimpf hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Ryan Schimpf hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Luis Sardinas hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Luis Sardinas hit 1 RBI single in the third . Travis Jankowski hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Travis Jankowski hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Ryan Schimpf hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Ryan Schimpf hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Derek Norris hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Derek Norris hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Cristhian Adames hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
David Paulino ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 4 runs , 4 hits and 2 walks in 3 innings . Alex Bregman hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Alex Bregman hit 1 RBI double in the first . Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI double in the third . Francisco Lindor hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Francisco Lindor hit 1 RBI single in the third . Yuli Gurriel hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Yuli Gurriel hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Francisco Lindor hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Francisco Lindor hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Abraham Almonte hit 2 RBI triple in the fifth	True
Abraham Almonte hit 2 RBI triple in the fifth . Carlos Santana hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Carlos Santana hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Colby Rasmus hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Colby Rasmus hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Alex Bregman hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Alex Bregman hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Alex Bregman scored on wild pitch by Perci Garner in the seventh	True
Shane Greene ( 3 - 4 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the first . Justin Upton hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
Justin Upton hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jose Iglesias hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Jose Iglesias hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Justin Morneau hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Avisail Garcia hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Avisail Garcia hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Tyler Saladino hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Tyler Saladino hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Adam Eaton hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Hansel Robles ( 5 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Matt Reynolds hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Matt Reynolds hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Kelly Johnson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Matt Reynolds hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Matt Reynolds hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jed Bradley ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 3 walks in 2 innings . Jace Peterson hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jace Peterson hit 1 RBI double in the second . Trea Turner hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Trea Turner hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Chris Heisey hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Chris Heisey hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Trea Turner hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Trea Turner hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Dean Kiekhefer ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in innings . Jedd Gyorko hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jedd Gyorko hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI double in the third . Ramon Cabrera hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Ramon Cabrera hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Jose Peraza hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jose Peraza hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Tucker Barnhart hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Junichi Tazawa ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Mookie Betts hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Mookie Betts hit 2 RBI double in the first . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Yoan Moncada hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Yoan Moncada hit 1 RBI double in the third . Jackie Bradley hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jackie Bradley hit 1 RBI single in the third . Xander Bogaerts hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Xander Bogaerts hit 1 RBI single in the third . David Ortiz hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
David Ortiz hit 2 RBI double in the third . Bruce Maxwell hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Bruce Maxwell hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Yonder Alonso hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Yonder Alonso hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Aaron Hill hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Cody Allen ( 3 - 5 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Whit Merrifield hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Whit Merrifield hit 1 RBI double in the first . Yan Gomes hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Yan Gomes hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Cheslor Cuthbert hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Taylor Rogers ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI double in the second . Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Brandon Moss hit 1 RBI single in the second . Miguel Sano hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Miguel Sano hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Miguel Sano hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Miguel Sano hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Miguel Sano hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Miguel Sano hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Alcides Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	False
Alcides Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Jorge Polanco hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jorge Polanco hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Whit Merrifield hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Nick Vincent ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Nelson Cruz hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Nelson Cruz hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jose Ramirez hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Jose Ramirez hit 2 RBI double in the first . Lonnie Chisenhall hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Ivan Nova ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 9 innings . Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI single in the second . John Jaso hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	True
Ariel Miranda ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Robinson Cano hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Robinson Cano hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Jose Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jose Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Ben Gamel hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Masahiro Tanaka ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 9 innings . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	True
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Dallas Keuchel ( 4 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 6 hits and 3 walks in 9 innings . Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Austin Jackson hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Norichika Aoki hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Norichika Aoki hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Josh Reddick hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Josh Reddick hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Josh Reddick hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Josh Reddick hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Pedro Baez ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Buster Posey hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Buster Posey hit 1 RBI single in the third . Yasiel Puig hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jordan Montgomery ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Gregory Polanco hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Gregory Polanco hit 1 RBI double in the third . Jacoby Ellsbury hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jonathan Holder ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the first . David Freese hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
David Freese hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Starlin Castro hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Starlin Castro hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Ronald Torreyes hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Ronald Torreyes hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Adam Frazier hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Adam Frazier hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Chris Carter hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Chris Carter hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Jacoby Ellsbury scored on wild pitch by Antonio Bastardo in the eighth	True
Jacoby Ellsbury scored on wild pitch by Antonio Bastardo in the eighth . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	True
Chase Headley hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Aaron Judge hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Alex Wood ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 4 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 4 2/3 innings . Corey Seager hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Corey Seager hit 2 RBI homer in the first . A. J. Pollock hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
A. J. Pollock hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Chris Owings hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Chris Owings hit 1 RBI double in the third . Corey Seager hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Corey Seager hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jake Lamb hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Jake Lamb hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Andrew Toles hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Andrew Toles hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Chris Taylor hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Chris Taylor hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Paul Goldschmidt hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Paul Goldschmidt hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Yasmany Tomas hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Yasmany Tomas hit 2 RBI double in the eighth . Chris Iannetta hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Chris Iannetta hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Daniel Descalso hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Corey Kluber ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 2 walks in 9 innings . Austin Jackson scored on wild pitch by Jose Quintana in the third	True
Austin Jackson scored on wild pitch by Jose Quintana in the third . Brandon Guyer hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Zack Greinke ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 8 innings . Erick Aybar hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Alex Wilson ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the first . Steven Souza Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Steven Souza Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the first . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the third . Corey Dickerson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Corey Dickerson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Nicholas Castellanos hit 3 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Nicholas Castellanos hit 3 RBI triple in the sixth . Steven Souza Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jesse Chavez ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Alex Bregman hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Alex Bregman hit 1 RBI single in the second . Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	True
Archie Bradley ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2 2/3 innings . Chris Iannetta hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Chris Iannetta hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Yasiel Puig hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Yasiel Puig hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Tommy Kahnle ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Avisail Garcia hit 2 RBI homer in the tenth	False
Dylan Bundy ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Trey Mancini hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Trey Mancini hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
J. J. Hardy hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Trey Mancini hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Trey Mancini hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Craig Gentry hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Craig Gentry hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Manny Machado hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Manny Machado hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Kevin Pillar hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Andrew Chafin ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Logan Forsythe hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Logan Forsythe hit 1 RBI single in the third . Justin Turner hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Justin Turner hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Andrew Toles hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Andrew Toles hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Chris Owings hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Jose Ramirez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in innings . Dansby Swanson hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Dansby Swanson hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI single in the first . Josh Bell hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Josh Bell hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Starling Marte hit a RBI single in the eighth	False
Starling Marte hit a RBI single in the eighth . Starling Marte hit 2 RBI homer in the tenth	True
Kyle Hendricks ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 4 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Jonathan Villar hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jonathan Villar hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Travis Shaw hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Travis Shaw hit 1 RBI double in the first . Kris Bryant hit 2 RBI double in the third	False
Kris Bryant hit 2 RBI double in the third . Kris Bryant hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Kris Bryant hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Nick Franklin hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Nick Franklin hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Kyle Hendricks hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Kyle Hendricks hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Albert Almora hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Albert Almora hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Albert Almora hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Albert Almora hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Willson Contreras hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Willson Contreras hit 2 RBI double in the eighth . Javier Baez hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Javier Baez hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Jett Bandy hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Ben Taylor ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Jose Iglesias hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jose Iglesias hit 1 RBI homer in the third . James McCann hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
James McCann hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Jose Iglesias hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Jose Iglesias hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Mike Foltynewicz ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 6 hits and 3 walks in 3 2/3 innings . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the third . Starling Marte hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Starling Marte hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Ender Inciarte hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Ender Inciarte hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . David Freese hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
David Freese hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Francisco Cervelli hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Francisco Cervelli hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Starling Marte hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Starling Marte hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Brandon Phillips hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Matt Strahm ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the second . Eddie Rosario hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Eddie Rosario hit 1 RBI single in the second . Paulo Orlando hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Paulo Orlando hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Miguel Sano hit 3 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Miguel Sano hit 3 RBI triple in the seventh . Eduardo Escobar hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Ricardo Pinto ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 3 walks in 2 innings . Christian Yelich hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Christian Yelich hit 1 RBI single in the first . Marcell Ozuna hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Marcell Ozuna hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Marcell Ozuna hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Marcell Ozuna hit 1 RBI single in the third . JT Riddle hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
JT Riddle hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Justin Bour hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Justin Bour hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Dee Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Dee Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Maikel Franco hit a RBI single in the sixth	True
Maikel Franco hit a RBI single in the sixth . Justin Bour hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Justin Bour hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Aaron Altherr hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Pedro Baez ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Corey Seager hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Corey Seager hit 1 RBI single in the third . Cody Bellinger hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Cody Bellinger hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Logan Forsythe hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Craig Stammen ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Michael A. Taylor hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Addison Reed ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Travis d'Arnaud hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Travis d'Arnaud hit 1 RBI single in the second . Andrew McCutchen hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Travis d'Arnaud hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Travis d'Arnaud hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Lucas Duda hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Lucas Duda hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . John Jaso hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
John Jaso hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . John Jaso hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	True
Brian Duensing ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Chris Taylor hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Chris Taylor hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Chase Utley hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Sean Manaea ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Khris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Khris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Stephen Vogt hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Tyler Chatwood ( 4 - 6 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 4 walks in 7 innings . Charlie Blackmon hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Charlie Blackmon hit 2 RBI single in the third . Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI single in the third . Carlos Gonzalez hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Michael Saunders hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jose Torres ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Yangervis Solarte hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Yangervis Solarte hit 1 RBI single in the third . Wilmer Flores hit 3 RBI double in the third	True
Wilmer Flores hit 3 RBI double in the third . Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI single in the third . Michael Conforto hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Michael Conforto hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Yangervis Solarte hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Yangervis Solarte hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Wil Myers hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Wil Myers hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Hunter Renfroe hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Steven Okert ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Denard Span hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Denard Span hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Mac Williamson hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Ervin Santana ( 7 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 9 innings . Byron Buxton hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Byron Buxton hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Emilio Pagan ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 4 innings . Anthony Rendon hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Anthony Rendon hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Matt Wieters hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Trea Turner hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Trea Turner hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Jayson Werth hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jayson Werth hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Anthony Rendon hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Anthony Rendon hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Mike Zunino hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Josh Osich ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Kyle Schwarber hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Kyle Schwarber hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Anthony Rizzo hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Brandon Crawford hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Keone Kela ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI single in the first . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Robinson Chirinos hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Robinson Chirinos hit 1 RBI single in the second . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the second . Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Mike Napoli hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Pete Kozma hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Pete Kozma hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Jonathan Lucroy hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Robbie Ray ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 3 walks in 7 2/3 innings . Paul Goldschmidt hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Paul Goldschmidt hit 2 RBI single in the first . Jake Lamb hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Jake Lamb hit 1 RBI double in the first . Chris Herrmann hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Chris Herrmann hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Yasmany Tomas hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Yasmany Tomas hit 2 RBI single in the second . Jake Lamb hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jake Lamb hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jake Lamb scored on wild pitch by Brandon Maurer in the ninth	True
Jake Lamb scored on wild pitch by Brandon Maurer in the ninth . Allen Cordoba hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	True
Dominic Leone ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI single in the first . Manny Machado hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Manny Machado hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Mark Trumbo hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Mark Trumbo hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Jose Bautista hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jose Bautista hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh . Welington Castillo hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Raisel Iglesias ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 3 walks in 1 innings . Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI single in the first . Kyle Schwarber hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Kyle Schwarber hit 2 RBI single in the second . Anthony Rizzo hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 2 RBI single in the second . Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Jon Jay hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jon Jay hit 1 RBI single in the third . Adam Duvall hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Adam Duvall hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Eugenio Suarez hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Eduardo Rodriguez ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Mookie Betts hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Mookie Betts hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jackie Bradley hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Jackie Bradley hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI double in the third . Dustin Pedroia hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Dustin Pedroia hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Andrew Benintendi scored on field error by Tommy Pham in the eighth	True
Zac Curtis ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Jose Bautista hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Mike Foltynewicz ( 1 - 4 ) allowed 1 runs , 6 hits and 0 walks in 6 innings . Tyler Flowers hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Tyler Flowers hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Justin Bour hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Justin Bour hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Brandon Phillips hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Brandon Phillips hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Brandon Phillips scored on field error by Derek Dietrich in the seventh	True
Brandon Phillips scored on field error by Derek Dietrich in the seventh . Tyler Flowers hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	True
Tyler Flowers hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . J. T. Realmuto hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
J. T. Realmuto hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Derek Dietrich hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Raisel Iglesias ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Denard Span hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Denard Span hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Arodys Vizcaino ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . George Springer hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
George Springer hit 1 RBI double in the third . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Adonis Garcia hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Adonis Garcia hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Carlos Correa hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Carlos Correa hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Yuli Gurriel hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Keynan Middleton ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in innings . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Yonder Alonso hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Yonder Alonso hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Ben Revere hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Ben Revere hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Yunel Escobar hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
Yunel Escobar hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Cliff Pennington hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Cliff Pennington hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Yonder Alonso hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Taijuan Walker ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 3 runs , 7 hits and 0 walks in 5 2/3 innings . Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Trevor Story hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Trevor Story hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Pat Valaika hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Pat Valaika hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Nick Ahmed hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Cody Allen ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Francisco Lindor hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jordan Montgomery ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 4 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Aaron Hicks hit a RBI single in the first	True
Aaron Hicks hit a RBI single in the first . Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI double in the first . Gary Sanchez hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Gary Sanchez hit 1 RBI single in the first . Chase Headley hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Chase Headley hit 2 RBI double in the first . Gary Sanchez scored on field error by Kris Bryant in the third	True
Gary Sanchez scored on field error by Kris Bryant in the third . Starlin Castro hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Starlin Castro hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Javier Baez scored on field error by Didi Gregorius in the fifth	True
Javier Baez scored on field error by Didi Gregorius in the fifth . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	True
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Aaron Hicks hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Aaron Hicks hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Javier Baez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Javier Baez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Miguel Montero hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Daniel Hudson ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Gift Ngoepe hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Gift Ngoepe hit 1 RBI double in the second . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Adam Duvall hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Adam Duvall hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Adam Duvall hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth	False
Adam Duvall hit 1 RBI triple in the fifth . Francisco Cervelli hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Brooks Pounders ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jean Segura hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Jean Segura hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Mike Trout hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Mike Trout hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Cliff Pennington hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Cliff Pennington hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Yunel Escobar hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Yunel Escobar hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Jarrod Dyson hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Jarrod Dyson hit 2 RBI double in the eighth . Jean Segura hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	True
Jean Segura hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Dominic Leone ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI double in the first . Aaron Hicks hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Aaron Hicks hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Brett Gardner hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Brett Gardner hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Aaron Judge hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Aaron Judge hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Brett Gardner hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Brett Gardner hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Chris Coghlan hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Chris Coghlan hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Chase Headley hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Aaron Judge hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Steven Okert ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Hunter Pence hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Hunter Pence hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Clayton Kershaw hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Clayton Kershaw hit 1 RBI single in the second . Buster Posey hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Buster Posey hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Christian Arroyo hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Christian Arroyo hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Chris Taylor hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Dylan Covey ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 6 runs , 9 hits and 2 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Jacob May hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jacob May hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jorge Bonifacio hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jorge Bonifacio hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Salvador Perez hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Salvador Perez hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Eric Hosmer hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Kevin McCarthy ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI single in the third . Salvador Perez hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Salvador Perez hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Alex Avila hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Alex Avila hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI double in the ninth . Jorge Soler hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Josh Hader ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Tyler Flowers hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Tyler Flowers hit 1 RBI single in the first . Brandon Phillips hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Ken Giles ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Evan Gattis hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Evan Gattis hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Jake Marisnick hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jake Marisnick hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Carlos Correa hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Cory Gearrin ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI triple in the second	True
Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI triple in the second . Matt Adams hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Matt Adams hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Tyler Flowers hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Tyler Flowers hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Denard Span scored on wild pitch by Arodys Vizcaino in the eighth	False
Denard Span scored on wild pitch by Arodys Vizcaino in the eighth . Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	True
Hunter Pence hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Matt Kemp hit 2 RBI homer in the 11th	True
Tommy Kahnle ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Miguel Sano hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Miguel Sano hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the third . Avisail Garcia hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Avisail Garcia hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Matt Davidson hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Matt Davidson hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the third . Kennys Vargas hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Kennys Vargas hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Jason Castro hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jason Castro hit 1 RBI single in the third . Yolmer Sanchez hit 2 RBI triple in the fifth	True
Yolmer Sanchez hit 2 RBI triple in the fifth . Byron Buxton hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Byron Buxton hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Miguel Sano hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Keynan Middleton ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the first . Danny Espinosa hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Danny Espinosa hit 1 RBI double in the second . Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI single in the second . Aaron Judge hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Aaron Judge hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Gary Sanchez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Gary Sanchez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Cameron Maybin hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Cameron Maybin hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Luis Valbuena hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Luis Valbuena hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Cameron Maybin hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Cameron Maybin hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Luis Valbuena hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Paul Sewald ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Corey Seager hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Corey Seager hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Cody Bellinger hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Cody Bellinger hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Corey Seager hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Corey Seager hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Yasmani Grandal hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Yasmani Grandal hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Joc Pederson hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Joc Pederson hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Corey Seager hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Corey Seager hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Logan Forsythe hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Joe Ross ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 4 runs , 9 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Jacob deGrom hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jacob deGrom hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Travis d'Arnaud hit a RBI single in the fourth	True
Travis d'Arnaud hit a RBI single in the fourth . Michael Conforto hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Michael Conforto hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Michael Conforto hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Michael Conforto hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Curtis Granderson hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Hyun-Jin Ryu ( 3 - 6 ) allowed 2 runs , 8 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Cody Bellinger hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Cody Bellinger hit 1 RBI double in the first . Chris Taylor hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Chris Taylor hit 2 RBI double in the third . Cody Bellinger hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Cody Bellinger hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Joc Pederson hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Joc Pederson hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Corey Seager hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Corey Seager hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Yasiel Puig hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Yasiel Puig hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Yasiel Puig hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Josh Hader ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 2 innings . Stephen Piscotty hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Stephen Piscotty hit 1 RBI single in the first . Aledmys Diaz hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Aledmys Diaz hit 1 RBI single in the first . Keon Broxton hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Keon Broxton hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Domingo Santana hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Domingo Santana hit 1 RBI single in the third . Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Travis Shaw hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Travis Shaw hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Eric Thames hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Josh Osich ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI single in the first . Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI double in the first . Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI single in the first . Nolan Arenado hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Nolan Arenado hit 2 RBI double in the second . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI double in the second . Raimel Tapia hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Raimel Tapia hit 1 RBI single in the second . DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI single in the third . Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Buster Posey hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Buster Posey hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Nick Hundley hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Nick Hundley hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Ty Blach hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ty Blach hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Brandon Crawford hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Brandon Crawford hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Raimel Tapia hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Miguel Castro ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Kevan Smith hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Kevan Smith hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the third . Avisail Garcia hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Avisail Garcia hit 2 RBI double in the third . Matt Davidson hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Matt Davidson hit 1 RBI single in the third . Seth Smith hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Seth Smith hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Adam Jones hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Avisail Garcia hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Avisail Garcia hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Matt Davidson hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Matt Davidson hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Hyun Soo Kim hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Hyun Soo Kim hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Trey Mancini hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Trey Mancini hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Jonathan Schoop hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Masahiro Tanaka ( 5 - 6 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 2 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Didi Gregorius hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Didi Gregorius hit 1 RBI single in the third . Didi Gregorius hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Didi Gregorius hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Chase Headley hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Danny Espinosa hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Danny Espinosa hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Cameron Maybin hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Cameron Maybin hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Aaron Judge hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Antonio Senzatela ( 8 - 2 ) allowed 4 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 4 innings . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI double in the first . Ben Zobrist hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Ben Zobrist hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Ian Desmond hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	False
Ian Desmond hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Addison Russell hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Addison Russell hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Kyle Schwarber hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Kyle Schwarber hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Miguel Montero hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Miguel Montero hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jose Leclerc ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Brian Goodwin hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Brian Goodwin hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Elvis Andrus hit 2 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Jose Alvarez ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Brian McCann hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Brian McCann hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Carlos Correa hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Marcus Stroman ( 7 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 6 hits and 0 walks in 7 innings . Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI single in the second . Kendrys Morales hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Kendrys Morales hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Ezequiel Carrera hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Ezequiel Carrera hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Nick Pivetta ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 4 runs , 4 hits and 4 walks in 5 innings . Jedd Gyorko hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Jedd Gyorko hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Eric Fryer hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Eric Fryer hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Matt Carpenter hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Lance McCullers ( 6 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Jose Altuve hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jose Altuve hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Jake Marisnick hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Felipe Vazquez ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Seth Smith hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Seth Smith hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI single in the second . John Jaso hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
John Jaso hit 1 RBI double in the second . David Freese hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
David Freese hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Jonathan Schoop hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jonathan Schoop hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Josh Harrison hit 1 RBI triple in the ninth	False
Josh Harrison hit 1 RBI triple in the ninth . Jonathan Schoop hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jonathan Schoop hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	False
Tyler Glasnow ( 2 - 5 ) allowed 4 runs , 5 hits and 3 walks in 5 innings . Neil Walker hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Neil Walker hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Josh Bell hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Josh Bell hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI homer in the third	False
Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Wilmer Flores hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
James Hoyt ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Elvis Andrus hit 1 RBI single in the first . Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Carlos Correa hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Carlos Correa hit 1 RBI single in the third . Carlos Beltran hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Carlos Beltran hit 2 RBI single in the third . Carlos Correa scored on wild pitch by Andrew Cashner in the third	True
Carlos Correa scored on wild pitch by Andrew Cashner in the third . Elvis Andrus hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Elvis Andrus hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Gio Gonzalez ( 9 - 5 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 3 walks in 8 innings . Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Joe Biagini ( 3 - 8 ) allowed 3 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Josh Donaldson hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Josh Donaldson hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Russell Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Russell Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Darwin Barney hit 3 RBI double in the sixth	True
Darwin Barney hit 3 RBI double in the sixth . Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Matt Davidson hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Matt Davidson hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Yolmer Sanchez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Yolmer Sanchez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Matt Davidson hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Cam Bedrosian ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Albert Pujols hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Ezequiel Carrera hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Ezequiel Carrera hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the third . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the third . Andrelton Simmons hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Andrelton Simmons hit 2 RBI double in the third . Ben Revere hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ben Revere hit 1 RBI single in the third . Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI single in the third . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Kevin Pillar hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Kevin Pillar hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Russell Martin hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Russell Martin hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Steve Pearce hit 4 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Felipe Vazquez ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jose Osuna hit 2 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Jose Osuna hit 2 RBI triple in the sixth . Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Dusty Coleman hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Dusty Coleman hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Josh Bell hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Josh Bell hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Donnie Hart ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 2/3 innings . Trey Mancini hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Trey Mancini hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Welington Castillo hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Welington Castillo hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Rougned Odor hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Rougned Odor hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Jonathan Schoop hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Jonathan Schoop hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Welington Castillo hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Welington Castillo hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Jonathan Schoop hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jonathan Schoop hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Rougned Odor hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Rougned Odor hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Nomar Mazara hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Nomar Mazara hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Rougned Odor hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Carl Edwards ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Willy Garcia hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Willy Garcia hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Kyle Schwarber hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Kyle Schwarber hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Kyle Schwarber hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Kyle Schwarber hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth . Kyle Schwarber hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Kyle Schwarber hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Chris Sale ( 13 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Rafael Devers hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Rafael Devers hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Sandy Leon hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Raisel Iglesias ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Clint Frazier hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Clint Frazier hit 1 RBI single in the third . Clint Frazier hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Clint Frazier hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Chase Headley hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Chase Headley hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Eugenio Suarez hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Eugenio Suarez hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Gary Sanchez hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Gary Sanchez hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Matt Holliday hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Didi Gregorius hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Didi Gregorius hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Todd Frazier hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Adam Duvall hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Luis Castillo ( 1 - 4 ) allowed 3 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Austin Romine hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Austin Romine hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Billy Hamilton hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Billy Hamilton hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Didi Gregorius hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Kevin McCarthy ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Jorge Bonifacio scored on wild pitch by Justin Verlander in the fourth	True
Jorge Bonifacio scored on wild pitch by Justin Verlander in the fourth . Jorge Bonifacio hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jorge Bonifacio hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Alex Avila hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Alex Avila hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI homer in the 12th	True
Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI homer in the 12th . Mike Moustakas hit 1 RBI homer in the 12th	False
Brian Ellington ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Billy Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Billy Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the second . A. J. Ellis hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
A. J. Ellis hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Billy Hamilton scored on field error by Tom Koehler in the fifth	True
Billy Hamilton scored on field error by Tom Koehler in the fifth . Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Eugenio Suarez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Eugenio Suarez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Tucker Barnhart hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Tucker Barnhart hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Miguel Rojas hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Miguel Rojas hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Marcell Ozuna hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Matt Grace ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 2 1/3 innings . Brian Goodwin hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Brian Goodwin hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Anthony Rendon hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Anthony Rendon hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jose Lobaton hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jose Lobaton hit 1 RBI single in the first . Ketel Marte hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Ketel Marte hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . David Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
David Peralta hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Wilmer Difo hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Francis Martes ( 3 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2 1/3 innings . Alex Bregman hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Alex Bregman hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Adam Jones hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Adam Jones hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Jonathan Schoop hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Jonathan Schoop hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Yuli Gurriel hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Yuli Gurriel hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Marwin Gonzalez hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Marwin Gonzalez hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Evan Gattis hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Luke Jackson ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Corey Seager hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Corey Seager hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Chase Utley hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Chris Taylor hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Chris Taylor hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Chris Taylor hit 2 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Kyle Barraclough ( 4 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Christian Yelich hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Matt Bowman ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Willson Contreras hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Willson Contreras hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Randal Grichuk hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Randal Grichuk hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI double in the third . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Paul DeJong hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Paul DeJong hit 2 RBI double in the eighth . Randal Grichuk hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Randal Grichuk hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Carson Kelly hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Carson Kelly hit 2 RBI double in the eighth . Matt Carpenter hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Matt Carpenter hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Tommy Pham hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Josh Hader ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Freddy Galvis hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Freddy Galvis hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Brett Phillips hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Brett Phillips hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Tommy Joseph hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Paul Blackburn ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 1 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Ryon Healy hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Ryon Healy hit 1 RBI single in the first . Michael Conforto hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Michael Conforto hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Marcus Semien hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Marcus Semien hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . T. J. Rivera hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
T. J. Rivera hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Michael Conforto hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Michael Conforto hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Marcus Semien hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Aaron Sanchez ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 5 runs , 6 hits and 5 walks in 4 innings . Deven Marrero hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Deven Marrero hit 2 RBI single in the second . Dustin Pedroia hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Dustin Pedroia hit 2 RBI single in the second . Dustin Pedroia hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Trevor Hildenberger ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Kennys Vargas hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Kennys Vargas hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jake Marisnick hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jake Marisnick hit 1 RBI single in the second . Ehire Adrianza hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Ehire Adrianza hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Norichika Aoki hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	False
Aaron Nola ( 6 - 6 ) allowed 2 runs , 7 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Eric Thames hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Eric Thames hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Hernan Perez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Hernan Perez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Odubel Herrera hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Odubel Herrera hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Travis Shaw hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Aaron Loup ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Nicholas Castellanos hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Nicholas Castellanos hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jose Iglesias hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jose Iglesias hit 1 RBI single in the second . J. D. Martinez hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
J. D. Martinez hit 2 RBI single in the third . Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Miguel Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . J. D. Martinez hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Archie Bradley ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Matt Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the first . Daniel Descalso hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Daniel Descalso hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Chris Owings scored on wild pitch by Jose Ramirez in the eighth	False
Chris Owings scored on wild pitch by Jose Ramirez in the eighth . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Phil Maton ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Nick Williams hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Nick Williams hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Cameron Rupp hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Cameron Rupp hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Freddy Galvis hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Freddy Galvis hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Odubel Herrera hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Odubel Herrera hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Aaron Altherr hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Aaron Altherr hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Freddy Galvis hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Tommy Kahnle ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Yolmer Sanchez hit 2 RBI triple in the first	True
Yolmer Sanchez hit 2 RBI triple in the first . Kevan Smith hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Kevan Smith hit 1 RBI single in the first . Nolan Arenado hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Nolan Arenado hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Tim Anderson hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Luis Castillo ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI triple in the first	True
Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI triple in the first . Joey Votto hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Joey Votto hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Billy Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Billy Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Tucker Barnhart hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Chris Devenski ( 6 - 3 ) allowed 4 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . George Springer hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
George Springer hit 1 RBI double in the third . Josh Donaldson hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Josh Donaldson hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Troy Tulowitzki hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh . Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Lance McCullers ( 7 - 2 ) allowed 6 runs , 9 hits and 2 walks in 4 1/3 innings . Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Josh Donaldson hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Josh Donaldson hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Troy Tulowitzki hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Ryan Goins hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Ryan Goins hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Russell Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Russell Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Carlos Beltran hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Chad Kuhl ( 3 - 6 ) allowed 3 runs , 6 hits and 3 walks in 7 innings . Josh Bell hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Josh Bell hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Gregory Polanco hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Gregory Polanco hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Aaron Altherr hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Aaron Altherr hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Josh Bell hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Josh Bell hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Gregory Polanco hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Gregory Polanco hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Elias Diaz hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Donnie Hart ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Mark Trumbo hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Mark Trumbo hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Miguel Sano hit 1 RBI single in the third	False
Miguel Sano hit 1 RBI single in the third . Max Kepler hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Max Kepler hit 2 RBI single in the third . Eduardo Escobar hit 2 RBI triple in the third	True
Miguel Castro ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Stephen Vogt hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Stephen Vogt hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Orlando Arcia hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Orlando Arcia hit 1 RBI single in the second . Eric Thames hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Eric Thames hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Travis Shaw hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Travis Shaw hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Joey Rickard hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Joey Rickard hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Eric Thames hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Eric Thames hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Jonathan Schoop hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Edwin Diaz ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Jean Segura hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jean Segura hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jean Segura hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Jean Segura hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Yunel Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Robinson Cano hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Robinson Cano hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Nick Franklin hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Adam Morgan ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Pedro Florimon hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Pedro Florimon hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Ben Lively hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ben Lively hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Christian Yelich hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
A. J. Minter ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Brandon Phillips hit 1 RBI single in the first . Freddie Freeman hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Freddie Freeman hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Ender Inciarte hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Ender Inciarte hit 1 RBI single in the second . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI double in the third . Ozzie Albies hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Ozzie Albies hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ender Inciarte hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Ender Inciarte hit 2 RBI single in the third . Ender Inciarte hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Ender Inciarte hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jorge Alfaro hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Addison Reed ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Eduardo Nunez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Eduardo Nunez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Andrew Benintendi hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Michael Brady ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Ben Revere hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Ben Revere hit 1 RBI single in the first . C. J. Cron hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
C. J. Cron hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Matt Joyce hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Matt Joyce hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Matt Olson hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Matt Olson hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Martin Maldonado hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Martin Maldonado hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Ben Revere hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ben Revere hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . C. J. Cron hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Addison Reed ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Kendrys Morales hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Kendrys Morales hit 2 RBI double in the first . Eduardo Nunez hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Eduardo Nunez hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Ryan Goins hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ryan Goins hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Christian Vazquez hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Christian Vazquez hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Mitch Moreland hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Mitch Moreland hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Justin Smoak hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jeff Samardzija ( 9 - 12 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 9 innings . Brandon Crawford hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Brandon Crawford hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Joe Panik hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Seth Lugo ( 5 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 3 2/3 innings . Anthony Rendon hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Anthony Rendon hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Juan Lagares hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Juan Lagares hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Brandon Nimmo hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Brandon Nimmo hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Adam Lind hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Adam Lind hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Jose Reyes hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Nick Martinez ( 3 - 5 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the first . Khris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Khris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Khris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Khris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Matt Chapman hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Heath Hembree ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Roberto Perez hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Roberto Perez hit 1 RBI single in the second . Francisco Lindor hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Francisco Lindor hit 1 RBI single in the second . Gio Urshela scored on field error by Rafael Devers in the second	True
Gio Urshela scored on field error by Rafael Devers in the second . Mitch Moreland hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Mitch Moreland hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Yandy Diaz hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Yandy Diaz hit 1 RBI double in the third . Gio Urshela hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Gio Urshela hit 2 RBI single in the third . Xander Bogaerts hit 2 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Xander Bogaerts hit 2 RBI triple in the fourth . Mitch Moreland hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Mitch Moreland hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Gio Urshela hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Gio Urshela hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Roberto Perez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Roberto Perez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Francisco Lindor hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Francisco Lindor hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Yandy Diaz hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Yandy Diaz hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Mitch Moreland hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Antonio Senzatela ( 10 - 4 ) allowed 2 runs , 9 hits and 1 walks in 5 innings . Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Whit Merrifield hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Whit Merrifield hit 1 RBI single in the second . Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
DJ LeMahieu hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Eric Hosmer hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Paul Blackburn ( 3 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 4 innings . Jed Lowrie hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Jed Lowrie hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Ryon Healy hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Ryon Healy hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Ryon Healy hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Ryon Healy hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Manny Machado hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Manny Machado hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Jonathan Schoop hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jonathan Schoop hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Khris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Dan Straily ( 8 - 8 ) allowed 3 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Christian Yelich hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Christian Yelich hit 1 RBI double in the first . Rhys Hoskins hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Rhys Hoskins hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Cameron Rupp hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Cameron Rupp hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Ichiro Suzuki hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Ichiro Suzuki hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Marcell Ozuna hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Marcell Ozuna hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Cesar Hernandez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Cesar Hernandez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . J. T. Realmuto hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
J. T. Realmuto hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth . Tommy Joseph hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Tommy Joseph hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Andres Blanco hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Casey Lawrence ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . Kevin Kiermaier hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Kevin Kiermaier hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Adeiny Hechavarria hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Keynan Middleton ( 4 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI single in the third . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Andrelton Simmons hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Andrelton Simmons hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Jonathan Schoop hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jonathan Schoop hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Cameron Maybin hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Sean Doolittle ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jose Pirela hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jose Pirela hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Matt Bowman ( 3 - 4 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Rafael Devers hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Rafael Devers hit 1 RBI single in the first . Hanley Ramirez hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	True
Hanley Ramirez hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Xander Bogaerts hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Xander Bogaerts hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Mitch Moreland hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Mitch Moreland hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Sandy Leon hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	False
Sandy Leon hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Jackie Bradley hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Jackie Bradley hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Eduardo Nunez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Eduardo Nunez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Dexter Fowler hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Dexter Fowler hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Carson Kelly hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Carson Kelly hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Paul DeJong hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Aaron Bummer ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 1/3 innings . Tim Anderson hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Tim Anderson hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Austin Barnes hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	True
Austin Barnes hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Corey Seager hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Michael Fulmer ( 10 - 10 ) allowed 5 runs , 7 hits and 3 walks in 5 innings . Justin Upton hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Justin Upton hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Nomar Mazara hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Nomar Mazara hit 1 RBI single in the first . Joey Gallo hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Joey Gallo hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Drew Robinson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	False
Drew Robinson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Robinson Chirinos hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jose Torres ( 6 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Cody Bellinger hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Cody Bellinger hit 1 RBI single in the first . Manuel Margot hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Manuel Margot hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Cory Spangenberg hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Cory Spangenberg hit 1 RBI single in the third . Cody Bellinger hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Cody Bellinger hit 1 RBI single in the third . Austin Barnes hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Austin Barnes hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Manuel Margot hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Manuel Margot hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Jose Pirela hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Brad Brach ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Adam Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Adam Jones hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Trey Mancini hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Trey Mancini hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Trey Mancini hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Trey Mancini hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Mark Trumbo hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Adam Jones hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Adam Jones hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Kyle McGrath ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Jose Peraza hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Jose Peraza hit 2 RBI single in the first . Eugenio Suarez hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Eugenio Suarez hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Stuart Turner hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Stuart Turner hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Manuel Margot hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Manuel Margot hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Wil Myers hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Wil Myers hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Jose Peraza hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Ken Giles ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Tim Anderson hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Tim Anderson hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Yolmer Sanchez hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Yolmer Sanchez hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Tim Anderson hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Tim Anderson hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Leury Garcia hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Leury Garcia hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Derek Fisher hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Bryan Mitchell ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 4 innings . Josh Donaldson hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Josh Donaldson hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Garrett Cooper hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Garrett Cooper hit 1 RBI single in the second . Josh Donaldson hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Joe Jimenez ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 4 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Jonathan Schoop hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Jonathan Schoop hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Trey Mancini hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Trey Mancini hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Manny Machado hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Manny Machado hit 1 RBI double in the second . Joey Rickard hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Joey Rickard hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Manny Machado hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Manny Machado hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Nicholas Castellanos hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Nicholas Castellanos hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Manny Machado hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Manny Machado hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Tim Beckham hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Tim Beckham hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Mikie Mahtook hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Luis Severino ( 9 - 4 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 6 2/3 innings . Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Michael Brantley hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jacoby Ellsbury hit 3 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Jacoby Ellsbury hit 3 RBI triple in the sixth . Ronald Torreyes hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Ronald Torreyes hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Aaron Judge hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jameson Taillon ( 8 - 7 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 7 innings . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI single in the second . Sean Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Sean Rodriguez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Max Moroff hit 3 RBI triple in the ninth	False
Edgar Santana ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the first . Christopher Bostick hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Christopher Bostick hit 1 RBI double in the third . Starling Marte hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Starling Marte hit 1 RBI single in the third . Alejandro De Aza hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	True
Alejandro De Aza hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Josh Bell hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Josh Bell hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Alejandro De Aza hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Carl Edwards ( 5 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Paul DeJong hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Paul DeJong hit 1 RBI single in the second . Addison Russell hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Addison Russell hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh . Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Jason Heyward hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Tommy La Stella hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Emilio Pagan ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Marcus Semien hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Marcus Semien hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Yonder Alonso hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Yonder Alonso hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Khris Davis hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Khris Davis hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Danny Valencia hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Danny Valencia hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh . Ben Gamel hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Max Fried ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 7 hits and 1 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Travis d'Arnaud hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Travis d'Arnaud hit 1 RBI double in the third . Travis d'Arnaud hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Travis d'Arnaud hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Jace Peterson hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Alan Busenitz ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Brian Dozier hit a RBI single in the first	True
Brian Dozier hit a RBI single in the first . Alex Presley hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Alex Presley hit 1 RBI single in the first . Nicholas Castellanos hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Nicholas Castellanos hit 1 RBI single in the first . Efren Navarro hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Efren Navarro hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Robbie Grossman hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Robbie Grossman hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Eddie Rosario hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Eddie Rosario hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Robbie Grossman hit 2 RBI single in the eighth	False
Robbie Grossman hit 2 RBI single in the eighth . Zack Granite hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Zack Granite hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Efren Navarro hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Adalberto Mejia ( 4 - 6 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 1 walks in 4 2/3 innings . Jeimer Candelario hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Jeimer Candelario hit 1 RBI double in the third . Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Byron Buxton hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Byron Buxton hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Eddie Rosario hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Eddie Rosario hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Joe Mauer hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Joe Mauer hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Jorge Polanco hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jorge Polanco hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Max Kepler hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Max Kepler hit 2 RBI double in the eighth . Jason Castro hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Jack Flaherty ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 2 innings . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the first . Zack Cozart hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Zack Cozart hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Jose Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jose Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Yadier Molina hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Yadier Molina hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Paul DeJong hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Paul DeJong hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI double in the tenth	True
Dexter Fowler hit 1 RBI double in the tenth . Paul DeJong hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	True
Paul DeJong hit 1 RBI single in the tenth . Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI homer in the tenth	True
German Marquez ( 10 - 7 ) allowed 3 runs , 8 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Charlie Blackmon hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Charlie Blackmon hit 2 RBI double in the second . Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Hunter Pence hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Hunter Pence hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Jack Leathersich ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Eugenio Suarez hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Eugenio Suarez hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Scooter Gennett hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Scooter Gennett hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Tucker Barnhart hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Tucker Barnhart hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth . John Jaso hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Dylan Covey ( 0 - 6 ) allowed 5 runs , 7 hits and 4 walks in 3 2/3 innings . Jeimer Candelario hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jeimer Candelario hit 1 RBI single in the first . Efren Navarro scored on wild pitch by Dylan Covey in the second	True
Efren Navarro scored on wild pitch by Dylan Covey in the second . Nicholas Castellanos hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Nicholas Castellanos hit 2 RBI double in the third . JaCoby Jones hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
JaCoby Jones hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Mikie Mahtook hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Mikie Mahtook hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Nicholas Castellanos hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Nicholas Castellanos hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Jeimer Candelario hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Tim Mayza ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Josh Donaldson hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Josh Donaldson hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Raffy Lopez hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Raffy Lopez hit 2 RBI single in the first . Josh Donaldson hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Josh Donaldson hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Eddie Rosario hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Eddie Rosario hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Byron Buxton hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Byron Buxton hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI single in the second . Jason Castro , Robbie Grossman scored on field error by Ryan Goins in the second	True
Jason Castro , Robbie Grossman scored on field error by Ryan Goins in the second . Byron Buxton hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Byron Buxton hit 1 RBI double in the second . Jason Castro hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Jason Castro hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Joe Mauer hit 4 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Joe Mauer hit 4 RBI homer in the fifth . Eddie Rosario hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Eddie Rosario hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Walker Buehler ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Yasiel Puig scored on field error by < fielder_error > in the second	True
Yasiel Puig scored on field error by < fielder_error > in the second . Ryan Zimmerman hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Ryan Zimmerman hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Anthony Rendon hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Anthony Rendon hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Adam Lind hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Dovydas Neverauskas ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Jesse Winker hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Jesse Winker hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jacob deGrom ( 15 - 9 ) allowed 1 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Juan Lagares hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Juan Lagares hit 1 RBI single in the second . Gavin Cecchini hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Gavin Cecchini hit 1 RBI single in the second . Brandon Nimmo hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Brandon Nimmo hit 1 RBI double in the third . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 1 RBI double in the third . Gavin Cecchini hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Gavin Cecchini hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Freddie Freeman hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Dominic Smith hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Dominic Smith hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Lane Adams hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Zach Davies ( 17 - 9 ) allowed 6 runs , 8 hits and 0 walks in 4 innings . Christian Yelich hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Christian Yelich hit 1 RBI single in the first . Marcell Ozuna hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Marcell Ozuna hit 1 RBI single in the first . Miguel Rojas hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Miguel Rojas hit 1 RBI single in the first . Derek Dietrich hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Derek Dietrich hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Travis Shaw hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Travis Shaw hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Justin Bour hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Justin Bour hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Ryan Braun hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Daniel Mengden ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 9 innings . Matt Olson hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Matt Olson hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Matt Joyce hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Ryan Garton ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Kyle Seager hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Kyle Seager hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Yonder Alonso hit 3 RBI double in the fifth	True
Yonder Alonso hit 3 RBI double in the fifth . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Mike Zunino hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Mike Zunino hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Rougned Odor hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jackson Stephens ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 3 innings . Scott Schebler scored on field error by Paul DeJong in the second	True
Scott Schebler scored on field error by Paul DeJong in the second . Jose Martinez hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Jose Martinez hit 2 RBI single in the third . Tommy Pham hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Tommy Pham hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Scott Schebler hit 1 RBI triple in the ninth	False
Ariel Miranda ( 8 - 7 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 3 walks in 1 2/3 innings . Nomar Mazara hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Nomar Mazara hit 2 RBI double in the first . Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Shin-Soo Choo hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Shin-Soo Choo hit 2 RBI double in the second . Mitch Haniger hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Mitch Haniger hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Delino DeShields hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Austin Pruitt ( 7 - 4 ) allowed 1 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 4 innings . Dustin Pedroia hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Dustin Pedroia hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Andrew Benintendi hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Andrew Benintendi hit 2 RBI double in the second . Mitch Moreland hit 2 RBI single in the second	True
Mitch Moreland hit 2 RBI single in the second . Mookie Betts scored on field error by Evan Longoria in the second	True
Mookie Betts scored on field error by Evan Longoria in the second . Andrew Benintendi hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Mark Leiter ( 3 - 5 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Howie Kendrick hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Rhys Hoskins hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Rhys Hoskins hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Maikel Franco hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Maikel Franco hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Cameron Rupp hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Cameron Rupp hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Cesar Hernandez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Cesar Hernandez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Michael A. Taylor hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Michael A. Taylor hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Michael A. Taylor hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Alan Busenitz ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Byron Buxton hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Byron Buxton hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Alex Gordon hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Salvador Perez hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	True
James Hoyt ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Matt Chapman hit 1 RBI triple in the second	True
Matt Chapman hit 1 RBI triple in the second . Boog Powell hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Boog Powell hit 1 RBI single in the second . Alex Bregman hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Alex Bregman hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Khris Davis hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	False
Khris Davis hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Joey Wendle hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Archie Bradley ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Taijuan Walker hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Taijuan Walker hit 1 RBI double in the second . Adam Rosales hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	True
Seth Lugo ( 5 - 4 ) allowed 4 runs , 8 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Dominic Smith hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Dominic Smith hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Josh Reddick hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Josh Reddick hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Silvino Bracho ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in innings . A. J. Pollock hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
A. J. Pollock hit 1 RBI single in the first . Taijuan Walker hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Taijuan Walker hit 1 RBI single in the second . Rey Fuentes hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Rey Fuentes hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Jake Lamb hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Jake Lamb hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Daniel Descalso hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Daniel Descalso hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh . Trevor Story hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Carl Edwards ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Addison Russell hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Addison Russell hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Justin Turner hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Justin Turner hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Justin Turner hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Chad Green ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Gary Sanchez hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Gary Sanchez hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Carlos Santana hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Carlos Santana hit 2 RBI single in the first . Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jason Kipnis hit 1 RBI single in the second . Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI single in the third . Aaron Hicks hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Aaron Hicks hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Greg Bird hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Greg Bird hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Francisco Lindor hit 4 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Francisco Lindor hit 4 RBI homer in the sixth . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Yan Gomes hit 1 RBI single in the 13th	True
Sonny Gray ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 4 walks in 3 1/3 innings . Jay Bruce hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jace Fry ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Jay Bruce hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Jay Bruce hit 2 RBI single in the first . Rob Brantly hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Francis Martes ( 5 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Rafael Devers hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Rafael Devers hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Juan Centeno hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Juan Centeno hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Colin Moran hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Colin Moran hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Tony Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Corey Kluber ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 6 hits and 1 walks in 8 innings . Nelson Cruz hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Nelson Cruz hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Yan Gomes hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Keynan Middleton ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Andrelton Simmons hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Andrelton Simmons hit 1 RBI single in the second . Martin Maldonado hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Martin Maldonado hit 1 RBI double in the second . Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Zack Cozart hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Khris Davis hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Khris Davis hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Matt Olson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Matt Olson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Albert Pujols hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Khris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Khris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Marcus Semien hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Tyler Mahle ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 4 hits and 2 walks in 6 1/3 innings . Eugenio Suarez hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Eugenio Suarez hit 1 RBI double in the first . Jesse Winker hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jesse Winker hit 1 RBI double in the second . Jose Peraza hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jose Peraza hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Eugenio Suarez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Eugenio Suarez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Scott Schebler hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Scott Schebler hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Adam Duvall hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Adam Duvall hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Jason Castro hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Keone Kela ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Nomar Mazara hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Nomar Mazara hit 2 RBI single in the first . Joey Gallo hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Joey Gallo hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI single in the first . Steve Pearce hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Steve Pearce hit 2 RBI double in the second . Kevin Pillar hit 1 RBI triple in the third	True
Kevin Pillar hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Ronald Guzman hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Lucas Giolito ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 2 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 5 2/3 innings . Yoan Moncada hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Yoan Moncada hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Welington Castillo hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Welington Castillo hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Matt Davidson hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Matt Davidson hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Jorge Soler hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Jorge Soler hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Trayce Thompson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Trayce Thompson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Matt Davidson hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Matt Davidson hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Alcides Escobar hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Tanner Roark ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Joe Panik scored on wild pitch by Tanner Roark in the first	True
Joe Panik scored on wild pitch by Tanner Roark in the first . Brandon Belt hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Brandon Belt hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Michael A. Taylor hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Michael A. Taylor hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Mac Williamson hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Luke Farrell ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Kyle Schwarber hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Kyle Schwarber hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Ian Happ hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Ian Happ hit 1 RBI single in the second . Willson Contreras hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Willson Contreras hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Kyle Schwarber hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Kyle Schwarber hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Ian Happ hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Ian Happ hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Albert Almora hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Albert Almora hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Tommy La Stella hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Tommy La Stella hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Anthony Rizzo hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Erik Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Reyes Moronta ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Evan Longoria hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Mike Trout hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Edgar Santana ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Elias Diaz hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Elias Diaz hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Nick Pivetta hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Nick Pivetta hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Aaron Altherr hit 1 RBI single in the 11th	True
Marcus Stroman ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 8 runs , 5 hits and 4 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Aaron Judge hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Aaron Judge hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Didi Gregorius hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Didi Gregorius hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Aaron Judge scored on field error by Luke Maile in the sixth	True
Aaron Judge scored on field error by Luke Maile in the sixth . Miguel Andujar hit 3 RBI double in the sixth	True
Miguel Andujar hit 3 RBI double in the sixth . Aaron Judge hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Drew Steckenrider ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI single in the first . Miguel Rojas , Starlin Castro scored on field error by Didi Gregorius in the first	True
Miguel Rojas , Starlin Castro scored on field error by Didi Gregorius in the first . Derek Dietrich hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Derek Dietrich hit 1 RBI single in the second . J. T. Realmuto hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
J. T. Realmuto hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Tomas Telis hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Tomas Telis hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Miguel Andujar hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Sean Manaea ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 2 walks in 7 innings . Jed Lowrie hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Jed Lowrie hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Taylor Motter hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Andrew Triggs ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Khris Davis hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Khris Davis hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Mitch Haniger hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Mitch Haniger hit 1 RBI single in the first . Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI double in the first . Matt Chapman hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Matt Chapman hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Mitch Haniger hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Mitch Haniger hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh . Daniel Vogelbach hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Daniel Vogelbach hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Khris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Austin Pruitt ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . C. J. Cron hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
C. J. Cron hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Matt Davidson hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Emilio Pagan ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Khris Davis hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Khris Davis hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Matt Chapman hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Matt Chapman hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Daniel Mengden hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Daniel Mengden hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Marcus Semien hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Marcus Semien hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Matt Olson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Matt Olson hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Yasmani Grandal hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Yasmani Grandal hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	False
Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Matt Olson scored on wild pitch by Scott Alexander in the sixth	True
Matt Olson scored on wild pitch by Scott Alexander in the sixth . Yasmani Grandal hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Yasmani Grandal hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Marcus Semien hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Marcus Semien hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Matt Chapman hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Matt Chapman hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Jed Lowrie hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jed Lowrie hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth . Enrique Hernandez hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Noah Syndergaard ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 5 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Adrian Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the second . Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jay Bruce hit 1 RBI single in the third . Derek Dietrich hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Derek Dietrich hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Brian Anderson hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Brian Anderson hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Amed Rosario hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Ryan Yarbrough ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 3 walks in 4 innings . C. J. Cron hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
C. J. Cron hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI double in the third . Adeiny Hechavarria hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Adeiny Hechavarria hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Brad Miller hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Brad Miller hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Hanley Ramirez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Kevin Kiermaier hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Kevin Kiermaier hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth . Joey Wendle hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Joey Wendle hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Mitch Moreland hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Mitch Moreland hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Rafael Devers hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	False
Rafael Devers hit 2 RBI double in the eighth . Christian Vazquez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Christian Vazquez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Mookie Betts hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Mookie Betts hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Andrew Benintendi hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	True
Steve Cishek ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Eric Thames hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Eric Thames hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Kris Bryant hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Kris Bryant hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Ben Zobrist hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Ian Happ hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Raisel Iglesias ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Corey Dickerson hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Corey Dickerson hit 2 RBI double in the first . Adam Frazier hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Adam Frazier hit 1 RBI single in the second . Jesse Winker hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Jesse Winker hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Eugenio Suarez hit 2 RBI single in the sixth	True
Eugenio Suarez hit 2 RBI single in the sixth . Eugenio Suarez hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Emilio Pagan ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Matt Joyce hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Matt Joyce hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Marcus Semien hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Marcus Semien hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Shohei Ohtani hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Shohei Ohtani hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Andrelton Simmons hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Andrelton Simmons hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Luis Valbuena hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Luis Valbuena hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Martin Maldonado hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Martin Maldonado hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Matt Chapman hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Matt Chapman hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Andrelton Simmons hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Andrelton Simmons hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Matt Olson hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Matt Olson hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Andrelton Simmons , Jefry Marte scored on field error by Matt Chapman in the seventh	True
Andrelton Simmons , Jefry Marte scored on field error by Matt Chapman in the seventh . Justin Upton hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Justin Upton hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh . Kole Calhoun scored on wild pitch by Santiago Casilla in the eighth	True
Miguel Castro ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Alex Bregman hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Keone Kela ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Rougned Odor hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Rougned Odor hit 1 RBI single in the second . Joey Gallo hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Joey Gallo hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Chad Pinder hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Chad Pinder hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Rougned Odor hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Trevor Hildenberger ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Gregory Polanco hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Gregory Polanco hit 1 RBI double in the first . Colin Moran hit 4 RBI homer in the first	True
Colin Moran hit 4 RBI homer in the first . Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Brian Dozier hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Joe Mauer scored on wild pitch by Edgar Santana in the sixth	True
Joe Mauer scored on wild pitch by Edgar Santana in the sixth . Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Max Kepler hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Shohei Ohtani ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 6 innings . Luis Valbuena hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Luis Valbuena hit 1 RBI double in the second . Jefry Marte hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Jefry Marte hit 1 RBI double in the second . Matt Chapman hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
Matt Chapman hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Mike Trout hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Mike Trout hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Kole Calhoun hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Andrelton Simmons hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Andrelton Simmons hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Stephen Piscotty hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Matt Barnes ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Brad Miller hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Brad Miller hit 1 RBI homer in the second . J. D. Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
J. D. Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Rafael Devers hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Mike Minor ( 4 - 4 ) allowed 5 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 5 innings . Nelson Cruz hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Nelson Cruz hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Nomar Mazara hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Nomar Mazara hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Mike Zunino scored on field error by Isiah Kiner-Falefa in the fifth	True
Mike Zunino scored on field error by Isiah Kiner-Falefa in the fifth . Ryon Healy hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Wander Suero ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Preston Tucker hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Preston Tucker hit 1 RBI double in the second . Anthony Rendon hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Anthony Rendon hit 1 RBI single in the third . Freddie Freeman hit a RBI double in the third	True
Freddie Freeman hit a RBI double in the third . Ozzie Albies hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Ryan Yarbrough ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 3 runs , 5 hits and 3 walks in 5 2/3 innings . Stephen Piscotty hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Stephen Piscotty hit 2 RBI double in the second . Mark Canha hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Mark Canha hit 1 RBI single in the second . Matt Olson hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Matt Olson hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Matt Chapman hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Matt Chapman hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Matt Joyce hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Matt Joyce hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Wilson Ramos hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Wilson Ramos hit 2 RBI double in the ninth . Christian Arroyo hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Drew Steckenrider ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Starlin Castro hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Starlin Castro hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Franmil Reyes hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Franmil Reyes hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Hunter Renfroe hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Seth Lugo ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Luis Guillorme hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Luis Guillorme hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Tyler Flowers hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Tyler Flowers hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Devin Mesoraco hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Devin Mesoraco hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Charlie Culberson hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Chris Devenski ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . J. D. Davis hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
J. D. Davis hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Evan Gattis hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Evan Gattis hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Greg Bird hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Greg Bird hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Eric Stout ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Hunter Dozier hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Hunter Dozier hit 2 RBI single in the first . Drew Butera hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Drew Butera hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Salvador Perez hit 2 RBI homer in the third	False
Salvador Perez hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Joey Gallo hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Joey Gallo hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Robinson Chirinos hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Garrett Richards ( 4 - 4 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 5 walks in 2 1/3 innings . Andrelton Simmons hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Nate Jones ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1/3 innings . Jeimer Candelario hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Jeimer Candelario hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the third . Jeimer Candelario hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jeimer Candelario hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Tim Anderson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Tim Anderson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Daniel Palka hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Daniel Palka hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Tim Anderson hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Tim Anderson hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . Daniel Palka hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Daniel Palka hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Jeimer Candelario scored on field error by Tim Anderson in the ninth	False
Chasen Bradford ( 3 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Stephen Piscotty hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Stephen Piscotty hit 2 RBI double in the first . Dustin Fowler hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Dustin Fowler hit 1 RBI single in the first . David Freitas hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
David Freitas hit 1 RBI single in the second . Kyle Seager hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	True
Eric Lauer ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 6 innings . Franchy Cordero hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Franchy Cordero hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Bryce Harper hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Michael A. Taylor hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Blake Treinen ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Dustin Fowler hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Dustin Fowler hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Gio Urshela hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Gio Urshela hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Dustin Fowler hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Dustin Fowler hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Josh Phegley hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	True
Bryan Shaw ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI single in the third . Manuel Margot hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Manuel Margot hit 1 RBI single in the third . Franchy Cordero scored on field error by Trevor Story in the fourth	True
Franchy Cordero scored on field error by Trevor Story in the fourth . Daniel Castro hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Daniel Castro hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Noel Cuevas hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Noel Cuevas hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Eric Hosmer hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Gerardo Parra hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Gerardo Parra hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth . A. J. Ellis hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Jackson Stephens ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2 2/3 innings . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI single in the first . Brandon Crawford hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Brandon Crawford hit 2 RBI double in the first . Tucker Barnhart hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Tucker Barnhart hit 1 RBI single in the second . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI double in the second . Kelby Tomlinson hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Kelby Tomlinson hit 2 RBI single in the third . Tucker Barnhart hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Tucker Barnhart hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Scott Schebler hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Scott Schebler hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Buster Posey hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Buster Posey hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Brandon Belt hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	True
Brandon Belt hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Brandon Belt hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Adam Duvall hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Evan Marshall ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 1/3 innings . Jose Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jose Ramirez hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Niko Goodrum hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Niko Goodrum hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Edwin Encarnacion hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Niko Goodrum hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Niko Goodrum hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Francisco Lindor hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Sean Newcomb ( 4 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 4 walks in 6 innings . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI single in the first . Ender Inciarte hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Ender Inciarte hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Preston Tucker hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Preston Tucker hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Justin Bour hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Raisel Iglesias ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Eugenio Suarez hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Eugenio Suarez hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Yasiel Puig hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Yasiel Puig hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Joey Votto hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Joey Votto hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Yasmani Grandal hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Dan Altavilla ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the first . Pete Kozma hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Pete Kozma hit 1 RBI double in the second . Dixon Machado hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Dixon Machado hit 1 RBI single in the second . Ryon Healy hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Ryon Healy hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Robinson Cano hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Robinson Cano hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . John Hicks hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
John Hicks hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Pete Kozma hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Pete Kozma hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Kyle Seager hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Kyle Seager hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Ryon Healy hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Josh Hader ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Orlando Arcia hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Orlando Arcia hit 1 RBI single in the second . Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Ian Desmond hit 1 RBI double in the second . Travis Shaw hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Travis Shaw hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI triple in the third	True
Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Nolan Arenado hit 1 RBI single in the third . Chris Iannetta hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Chris Iannetta hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Trevor Story hit 3 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Trevor Story hit 3 RBI triple in the fourth . Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Travis Shaw hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Travis Shaw hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Manny Pina hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Manny Pina hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Orlando Arcia hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Orlando Arcia hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Lorenzo Cain hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Manny Pina hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Manny Pina hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Travis Shaw hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	False
Wander Suero ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Matt Adams hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Matt Adams hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Pedro Severino hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Pedro Severino hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Jeremy Hellickson hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Joe Jimenez ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Jeimer Candelario hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Jeimer Candelario hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Victor Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Jose Iglesias hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Jose Iglesias hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Jurickson Profar hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Jurickson Profar hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Matt Magill ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI double in the first . Eddie Rosario hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Eddie Rosario hit 1 RBI single in the first . Mitch Garver hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Mitch Garver hit 1 RBI single in the first . Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI single in the first . Eddie Rosario hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Eddie Rosario hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Ehire Adrianza hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Ehire Adrianza hit 1 RBI double in the third . Eddie Rosario hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	False
Eddie Rosario hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Tim Anderson hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Tim Anderson hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Tim Anderson hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Cody Allen ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 2/3 innings . Gleyber Torres hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Gleyber Torres hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . Aaron Judge hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Aaron Judge hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Gary Sanchez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Gary Sanchez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Bradley Zimmer hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Bradley Zimmer hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Jose Ramirez hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jose Ramirez hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Yan Gomes scored on wild pitch by Aroldis Chapman in the ninth	False
Yan Gomes scored on wild pitch by Aroldis Chapman in the ninth . Miguel Andujar hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	True
Bruce Rondon ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Tommy Pham hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Tommy Pham hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Yoan Moncada hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Yoan Moncada hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Matt Carpenter hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Matt Carpenter hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Yadier Molina hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Trevor Hildenberger ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Logan Morrison hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Harrison Musgrave ( 0 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in innings . Brandon Crawford hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	True
Drew Rucinski ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 5 hits and 1 walks in 2 2/3 innings . J. T. Realmuto hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
J. T. Realmuto hit 1 RBI double in the first . Justin Bour hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Justin Bour hit 2 RBI single in the first . Nolan Arenado hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Nolan Arenado hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Derek Dietrich hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Derek Dietrich hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Trevor Story hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Trevor Story hit 2 RBI single in the third . JT Riddle hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
JT Riddle hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Gerardo Parra hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Lewis Brinson hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh	False
Lewis Brinson hit 1 RBI triple in the seventh . Derek Dietrich hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Erik Goeddel ( 3 - 0 ) allowed 3 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Enrique Hernandez hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Enrique Hernandez hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Max Muncy hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Max Muncy hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Kevin Plawecki hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Kevin Plawecki hit 1 RBI double in the second . Wilmer Flores hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Wilmer Flores hit 1 RBI double in the third . Cody Bellinger hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Cody Bellinger hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Asdrubal Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Asdrubal Cabrera hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Enrique Hernandez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Enrique Hernandez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Joc Pederson hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Joc Pederson hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Cody Bellinger hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Cody Bellinger hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Kevin Plawecki hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Kevin Plawecki hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Justin Turner hit 1 RBI homer in the 11th	True
Chad Green ( 4 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jake Bauers hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Jake Bauers hit 1 RBI double in the first . Daniel Robertson hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Daniel Robertson hit 1 RBI double in the second . Willy Adames hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Willy Adames hit 1 RBI single in the second . Willy Adames hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	True
Sean Manaea ( 7 - 6 ) allowed 1 runs , 5 hits and 0 walks in 7 innings . Franklin Barreto hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
Franklin Barreto hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Jed Lowrie hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Khris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Khris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Franklin Barreto hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Franklin Barreto hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Yolmer Sanchez hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Adam Cimber ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Gorkys Hernandez scored on wild pitch by Clayton Richard in the first	True
Gorkys Hernandez scored on wild pitch by Clayton Richard in the first . Manuel Margot hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Manuel Margot hit 1 RBI double in the second . Cory Spangenberg scored on wild pitch by Chris Stratton in the sixth	True
Cory Spangenberg scored on wild pitch by Chris Stratton in the sixth . Manuel Margot hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Manuel Margot hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Eric Hosmer hit 2 RBI single in the ninth	False
Eric Hosmer hit 2 RBI single in the ninth . Jose Pirela hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Marco Gonzales ( 7 - 4 ) allowed 6 runs , 8 hits and 1 walks in 6 1/3 innings . Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Giancarlo Stanton hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Miguel Andujar hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Miguel Andujar hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Aaron Hicks hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Aaron Hicks hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Aaron Judge hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Aaron Judge hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Gleyber Torres hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Freddy Peralta ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 6 innings . Jesus Aguilar hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Jesus Aguilar hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Jesus Aguilar hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Jesus Aguilar hit 1 RBI double in the third . Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Starling Marte hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Diego Castillo ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Wilson Ramos hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Wilson Ramos hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Joey Wendle hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Joey Wendle hit 2 RBI single in the third . Yuli Gurriel hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Yuli Gurriel hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Yuli Gurriel hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Yuli Gurriel hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Alex Bregman hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Joe Jimenez ( 3 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Nicholas Castellanos hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Nicholas Castellanos hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Matt Davidson hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Matt Davidson hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Jose Iglesias hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Justin Anderson ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Mike Trout , Justin Upton scored on field error by Chris Bassitt in the first	True
Mike Trout , Justin Upton scored on field error by Chris Bassitt in the first . Mike Trout scored on field error by Chad Pinder in the third	True
Mike Trout scored on field error by Chad Pinder in the third . Jose Miguel Fernandez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jose Miguel Fernandez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Jose Briceno hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jose Briceno hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Ian Kinsler hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Josh Phegley hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Josh Phegley hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Marcus Semien hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Marcus Semien hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Stephen Piscotty scored on wild pitch by Justin Anderson in the ninth	False
Chris Stratton ( 7 - 4 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 3 walks in 7 innings . Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Starlin Castro hit 1 RBI single in the third . JT Riddle hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Matt Barnes ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Joey Rickard hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Joey Rickard hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Rafael Devers hit 2 RBI homer in the second	True
Rafael Devers hit 2 RBI homer in the second . Andrew Benintendi hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Andrew Benintendi hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Danny Valencia hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Danny Valencia hit 1 RBI single in the third . Christian Vazquez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Christian Vazquez hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Mark Trumbo hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Edgar Santana ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 2 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . David Freese hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
David Freese hit 1 RBI single in the first . Austin Meadows hit 2 RBI double in the fifth	True
Austin Meadows hit 2 RBI double in the fifth . Starling Marte hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Starling Marte hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Nick Ahmed hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Nick Ahmed hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Daniel Descalso hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Daniel Descalso hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Jake Lamb hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jake Lamb hit 3 RBI homer in the seventh . Starling Marte scored on wild pitch by Kyle Crick in the eighth	True
Starling Marte scored on wild pitch by Kyle Crick in the eighth . Daniel Descalso hit 2 RBI triple in the eighth	True
Daniel Descalso hit 2 RBI triple in the eighth . Daniel Descalso scored on wild pitch by Dovydas Neverauskas in the eighth	True
Edwin Diaz ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the second . C. J. Cron hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
C. J. Cron hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Jake Bauers hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Jake Bauers hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Mike Zunino hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Mike Zunino hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Kyle Seager hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Kyle Seager hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Josh Tomlin ( 0 - 4 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Yonder Alonso hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Yonder Alonso hit 1 RBI double in the second . Erik Gonzalez hit 3 RBI double in the sixth	True
Erik Gonzalez hit 3 RBI double in the sixth . Leonys Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Leonys Martin hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Melky Cabrera hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Yan Gomes hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Hunter Strickland ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Brandon Crawford hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Yoshihisa Hirano ( 2 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Pablo Sandoval hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Daniel Descalso hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Daniel Descalso hit 2 RBI double in the third . Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Andrew McCutchen hit 1 RBI double in the third . Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Paul Goldschmidt hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Alen Hanson hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Alen Hanson hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Brandon Crawford hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	False
Ryan Dull ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Jurickson Profar hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Jurickson Profar hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Joey Gallo hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Joey Gallo hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Jurickson Profar hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Jurickson Profar hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Ronald Guzman hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Ronald Guzman hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Khris Davis hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Khris Davis hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Jurickson Profar hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Ryne Stanek ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Matt Adams hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Matt Adams hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Wilmer Difo hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Wilmer Difo hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Wilmer Difo scored on wild pitch by Nathan Eovaldi in the fourth	True
Wilmer Difo scored on wild pitch by Nathan Eovaldi in the fourth . Brad Miller hit 2 RBI double in the eighth	True
Mychal Givens ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Manny Machado hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Austin Pruitt ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 3 runs , 7 hits and 0 walks in 5 innings . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI single in the third . Ryon Healy hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ryon Healy hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Carlos Gomez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Johnny Field hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Johnny Field hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Matt Duffy hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Matt Duffy hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Mitch Haniger hit 1 RBI homer in the 13th	True
Jeff Beliveau ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Eduardo Escobar hit 3 RBI homer in the first	True
Eduardo Escobar hit 3 RBI homer in the first . Eddie Rosario hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Eddie Rosario hit 1 RBI single in the second . Ryan LaMarre hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Ryan LaMarre hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Miguel Sano hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Miguel Sano hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Edwin Encarnacion hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Edwin Encarnacion hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Eduardo Escobar hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Steve Cishek ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . David Freese hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
David Freese hit 1 RBI double in the third . Francisco Cervelli hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Francisco Cervelli hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Javier Baez hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Javier Baez hit 3 RBI homer in the fourth . David Freese hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
David Freese hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Gregory Polanco hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Gregory Polanco hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Addison Russell hit 1 RBI double in the ninth	False
Matt Grace ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Jose Urena hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Jose Urena hit 1 RBI single in the second . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI double in the third . Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Martin Prado hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . J. T. Realmuto scored on field error by Daniel Murphy in the fifth	True
J. T. Realmuto scored on field error by Daniel Murphy in the fifth . Miguel Rojas hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Keone Kela ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . Tyler White hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Tyler White hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Delino DeShields hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	True
Delino DeShields hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Jurickson Profar hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Jurickson Profar hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Jurickson Profar scored on field error by Yuli Gurriel in the sixth	True
Jurickson Profar scored on field error by Yuli Gurriel in the sixth . Ronald Guzman hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Ronald Guzman hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Tony Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Robert Gsellman ( 6 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Colin Moran hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Colin Moran hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Adam Frazier hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Adam Frazier hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Colin Moran hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Colin Moran hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Francisco Cervelli hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Austin Davis ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Tucker Barnhart hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Tucker Barnhart hit 1 RBI double in the second . Rhys Hoskins hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Rhys Hoskins hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Billy Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Billy Hamilton hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Scooter Gennett hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Joey Votto hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Kelvin Herrera ( 2 - 2 ) allowed 1 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in innings . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	True
Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . J. T. Realmuto hit 1 RBI single in the tenth	True
Austin Pruitt ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Jake Bauers hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jake Bauers hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Ji-Man Choi hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Ji-Man Choi hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jonathan Schoop hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Jonathan Schoop hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Adeiny Hechavarria hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Adeiny Hechavarria hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Joey Wendle scored on field error by Jhan Marinez in the seventh	True
Joey Wendle scored on field error by Jhan Marinez in the seventh . Chris Davis hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Lou Trivino ( 8 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . Khris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Khris Davis hit 1 RBI single in the first . Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Adrian Beltre hit 1 RBI single in the first . Matt Chapman hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Matt Chapman hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI single in the second . Dustin Fowler hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Dustin Fowler hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Nick Martini hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth	True
Nick Martini hit 1 RBI triple in the fourth . Marcus Semien hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Marcus Semien hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jurickson Profar hit 2 RBI triple in the fifth	False
Jurickson Profar hit 2 RBI triple in the fifth . Ronald Guzman scored on wild pitch by Jeurys Familia in the eighth	True
Phil Maton ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Austin Hedges hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Austin Hedges hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Kevin Plawecki hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Kevin Plawecki hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Phillip Evans hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Phillip Evans hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Amed Rosario hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
Amed Rosario hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Jose Bautista hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Jose Bautista hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Freddy Galvis hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Jacob Barnes ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 2 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Colin Moran hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Colin Moran hit 1 RBI single in the first . Josh Bell hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Josh Bell hit 1 RBI double in the first . Hernan Perez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Hernan Perez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Josh Bell hit a RBI single in the third	True
Josh Bell hit a RBI single in the third . Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Jordy Mercer hit 1 RBI double in the third . Gregory Polanco hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Gregory Polanco hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Brandon Woodruff hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Brandon Woodruff hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Travis Shaw hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Travis Shaw hit 1 RBI homer in the seventh . Josh Bell hit 1 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Victor Arano ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 2/3 innings . Brandon Nimmo hit 3 RBI homer in the tenth	True
Jonathan Holder ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Joey Rickard hit 2 RBI double in the fourth	True
Joey Rickard hit 2 RBI double in the fourth . Greg Bird hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Greg Bird hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Manny Machado hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Manny Machado hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Neil Walker hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Neil Walker hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Manny Machado hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh	False
Manny Machado hit 2 RBI homer in the seventh . Jonathan Schoop hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Antonio Senzatela ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 6 runs , 5 hits and 3 walks in 6 innings . Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Charlie Blackmon hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Ryon Healy hit 2 RBI double in the first	True
Ryon Healy hit 2 RBI double in the first . Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Carlos Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Trevor Story hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Trevor Story hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Ryon Healy hit 3 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Kyle Crockett ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in innings . Addison Russell hit 2 RBI double in the second	True
Addison Russell hit 2 RBI double in the second . Jose Peraza hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jose Peraza hit 1 RBI single in the third . Eugenio Suarez hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Eugenio Suarez hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Javier Baez hit 2 RBI single in the seventh	False
Javier Baez hit 2 RBI single in the seventh . Adam Duvall hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jace Fry ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 3 runs , 4 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Max Stassi hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Max Stassi hit 1 RBI double in the second . Yuli Gurriel hit 3 RBI homer in the third	True
Yuli Gurriel hit 3 RBI homer in the third . Evan Gattis hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Evan Gattis hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Matt Davidson hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Matt Davidson hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Omar Narvaez hit 3 RBI double in the sixth	True
Omar Narvaez hit 3 RBI double in the sixth . Alex Bregman hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Alex Bregman hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	False
Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Avisail Garcia hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Avisail Garcia hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Yuli Gurriel hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Yuli Gurriel hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Max Stassi hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Joey Lucchesi ( 4 - 4 ) allowed 2 runs , 3 hits and 1 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Steven Souza Jr. hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Chris Devenski ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 1/3 innings . Yuli Gurriel hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Yuli Gurriel hit 1 RBI double in the first . Josh Reddick hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Josh Reddick hit 1 RBI double in the first . Josh Reddick hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Josh Reddick hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Tony Kemp hit 2 RBI homer in the third	False
Tony Kemp hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Delino DeShields hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Delino DeShields hit 1 RBI double in the third . Shin-Soo Choo hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Brian Johnson ( 1 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 8 hits and 2 walks in 4 2/3 innings . Eduardo Nunez hit 3 RBI homer in the second	True
Eduardo Nunez hit 3 RBI homer in the second . Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Tanner Roark hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Tanner Roark hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . J. D. Martinez hit 2 RBI single in the fifth	True
J. D. Martinez hit 2 RBI single in the fifth . Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	True
Steve Pearce hit 1 RBI single in the fifth . Xander Bogaerts hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Xander Bogaerts hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Pedro Severino hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Pedro Severino hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . J. D. Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
J. D. Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth . Brian Goodwin hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jacob Rhame ( 0 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1/3 innings . Aramis Garcia hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Aramis Garcia hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Brandon Belt hit 2 RBI triple in the eighth	False
Brandon Belt hit 2 RBI triple in the eighth . Austin Slater hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Austin Slater hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Gorkys Hernandez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Gorkys Hernandez hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Aramis Garcia hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Jefry Rodriguez ( 2 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 2 hits and 4 walks in 6 innings . Bryce Harper hit 3 RBI double in the eighth	True
Bryce Harper hit 3 RBI double in the eighth . Wilmer Difo hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Wilmer Difo hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Adam Eaton hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	True
Adam Eaton hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth . Wilmer Difo hit 1 RBI single in the ninth	False
Wilmer Difo hit 1 RBI single in the ninth . Mark Reynolds hit 4 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Michael Kopech ( 1 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 7 hits and 0 walks in 6 innings . Avisail Garcia hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Avisail Garcia hit 2 RBI single in the third . Daniel Palka hit 2 RBI homer in the third	True
Daniel Palka hit 2 RBI homer in the third . Yoan Moncada hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Yoan Moncada hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth . Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	True
Victor Martinez hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Ronny Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Roberto Osuna ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI single in the first . Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI double in the first . Yuli Gurriel hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Yuli Gurriel hit 1 RBI double in the first . Yuli Gurriel hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Yuli Gurriel hit 1 RBI double in the third . Shohei Ohtani hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Shohei Ohtani hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Andrelton Simmons hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth	True
Andrelton Simmons hit 1 RBI triple in the sixth . Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Marwin Gonzalez hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Alex Bregman hit 1 RBI double in the eighth	False
Alex Bregman hit 1 RBI double in the eighth . Tony Kemp , Alex Bregman scored on field error by Taylor Ward in the eighth	True
Ryan Burr ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Ronny Rodriguez hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Ronny Rodriguez hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Nicholas Castellanos hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Nicholas Castellanos hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Mikie Mahtook hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	False
Mikie Mahtook hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Ronny Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Ronny Rodriguez hit 1 RBI homer in the sixth . Jim Adduci hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Jim Adduci hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Jose Rondon hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Roberto Osuna ( 1 - 1 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Tyler White hit 1 RBI triple in the first	True
Tyler White hit 1 RBI triple in the first . Tyler White scored on wild pitch by Marco Gonzales in the first	True
Tyler White scored on wild pitch by Marco Gonzales in the first . Martin Maldonado hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Martin Maldonado hit 1 RBI single in the second . Martin Maldonado hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Martin Maldonado hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Tony Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Tony Kemp hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Alex Bregman hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Alex Bregman hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Jose Altuve hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Nelson Cruz hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Martin Maldonado hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Martin Maldonado hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
Robinson Cano hit 1 RBI double in the fifth . Ryon Healy hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Ryon Healy hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Mitch Haniger hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Mitch Haniger hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Tyler White hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Ryan Meisinger ( 0 - 0 ) allowed 1 runs , 1 hits and 1 walks in 1 innings . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI single in the first . Caleb Joseph hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Caleb Joseph hit 1 RBI single in the second . Aledmys Diaz hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Aledmys Diaz hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Billy McKinney hit 2 RBI single in the fourth	True
Billy McKinney hit 2 RBI single in the fourth . Billy McKinney scored on field error by Renato Nunez in the fourth	True
Billy McKinney scored on field error by Renato Nunez in the fourth . Cedric Mullins hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Cedric Mullins hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Justin Smoak hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Kendrys Morales hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Billy McKinney hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Joe Jimenez ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 2 runs , 1 hits and 2 walks in 2/3 innings . Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Joe Mauer hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Tyler Austin hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Tyler Austin hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Ronny Rodriguez hit 2 RBI double in the third	True
Ronny Rodriguez hit 2 RBI double in the third . Miguel Sano hit 1 RBI homer in the third	True
Miguel Sano hit 1 RBI homer in the third . Mikie Mahtook hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Mikie Mahtook hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Mitch Garver hit 2 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Miguel Castro ( 2 - 7 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Jose Ramirez hit 2 RBI homer in the first	True
Jose Ramirez hit 2 RBI homer in the first . Trey Mancini hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Diego Castillo ( 3 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 2 walks in 1 innings . Brandon Lowe hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Brandon Lowe hit 1 RBI single in the second . Miguel Andujar hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Miguel Andujar hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Kevin Kiermaier hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Kevin Kiermaier hit 1 RBI single in the third . Mallex Smith hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth	False
Mallex Smith hit 2 RBI homer in the fourth . Brandon Lowe hit 1 RBI single in the fifth	False
Hector Velazquez ( 7 - 0 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Mitch Moreland hit 3 RBI double in the third	True
Mitch Moreland hit 3 RBI double in the third . Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	False
Wilson Ramos hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Carlos Santana hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Wilson Ramos hit 2 RBI double in the seventh	False
Wilson Ramos hit 2 RBI double in the seventh . Maikel Franco hit 1 RBI single in the seventh	True
Maikel Franco hit 1 RBI single in the seventh . Mookie Betts hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Pablo Lopez ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 6 runs , 6 hits and 2 walks in 5 1/3 innings . Ronald Acuna hit 1 RBI homer in the first	True
Ronald Acuna hit 1 RBI homer in the first . Isaac Galloway hit 1 RBI double in the second	True
Isaac Galloway hit 1 RBI double in the second . Johan Camargo hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Johan Camargo hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Charlie Culberson hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Charlie Culberson hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Ronald Acuna hit 2 RBI double in the sixth	False
Ronald Acuna hit 2 RBI double in the sixth . Ozzie Albies hit 1 RBI single in the sixth	True
Ozzie Albies hit 1 RBI single in the sixth . Ozzie Albies hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	True
Jordan Hicks ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 1/3 innings . Jose Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jose Martinez hit 1 RBI single in the third . Marcell Ozuna hit 1 RBI triple in the third	True
Marcell Ozuna hit 1 RBI triple in the third . Paul DeJong hit 1 RBI double in the third	True
Paul DeJong hit 1 RBI double in the third . Jedd Gyorko hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Jedd Gyorko hit 1 RBI single in the third . Alcides Escobar hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Alcides Escobar hit 2 RBI homer in the fifth . Harrison Bader hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth	True
Harrison Bader hit 2 RBI homer in the sixth . Jose Martinez hit 2 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Wes Parsons ( 0 - 1 ) allowed 4 runs , 6 hits and 3 walks in 5 innings . Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Nick Markakis hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Michael A. Taylor hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Michael A. Taylor hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI double in the sixth	False
Daniel Murphy hit 1 RBI double in the sixth . Ronald Acuna hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Ronald Acuna hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Ryan Zimmerman hit 1 RBI single in the eighth . Mark Reynolds hit 1 RBI single in the eighth	False
Trevor Hildenberger ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 3 runs , 3 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Logan Forsythe hit 1 RBI double in the fourth	True
Logan Forsythe hit 1 RBI double in the fourth . Miguel Sano hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Miguel Sano hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Francisco Lindor hit 3 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Jonathan Holder ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the first	True
Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI double in the first . Daniel Palka hit 1 RBI single in the first	True
Daniel Palka hit 1 RBI single in the first . Austin Romine hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Austin Romine hit 1 RBI single in the second . Shane Robinson hit 1 RBI single in the second	True
Shane Robinson hit 1 RBI single in the second . Giancarlo Stanton hit 4 RBI homer in the second	True
Giancarlo Stanton hit 4 RBI homer in the second . Aaron Hicks hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Aaron Hicks hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Tim Anderson hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Tim Hill ( 1 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 1 hits and 0 walks in 2/3 innings . Omar Narvaez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth	True
Omar Narvaez hit 1 RBI single in the fourth . Tim Anderson hit 1 RBI double in the seventh	False
Tim Anderson hit 1 RBI double in the seventh . Whit Merrifield hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Whit Merrifield hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth . Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Jose Abreu hit 1 RBI homer in the eighth . Daniel Palka hit 3 RBI homer in the eighth	False
Yoshihisa Hirano ( 4 - 2 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Max Muncy hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth	True
Max Muncy hit 1 RBI homer in the fifth . Daniel Descalso hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth	False
Daniel Descalso hit 1 RBI homer in the ninth . Matt Kemp hit 2 RBI double in the ninth	False
Corey Knebel ( 2 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 1 innings . Mike Moustakas hit 2 RBI single in the first	True
Mike Moustakas hit 2 RBI single in the first . Wilmer Difo hit 1 RBI homer in the second	True
Wilmer Difo hit 1 RBI homer in the second . Juan Soto hit 1 RBI single in the third	True
Juan Soto hit 1 RBI single in the third . Mark Reynolds hit 2 RBI single in the third	True
Mark Reynolds hit 2 RBI single in the third . Keon Broxton hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Keon Broxton hit 3 RBI homer in the fifth . Christian Yelich hit 4 RBI homer in the fifth	False
Seth Lugo ( 3 - 3 ) allowed 0 runs , 0 hits and 0 walks in 2 innings . Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth	True
Evan Longoria hit 1 RBI homer in the fourth . Tomas Nido hit 1 RBI double in the fifth	False
